 ( silence ) ( upbeat accordion music ) ( hissing ) ( screaming ) ( coughing ) ( ominous music ) There 's our boy . Looks like he 's ready to make some TV magic . God help us all . Whoa , what did you guys do to the RV ? Oh yeah , it 's from our new marketing budget . Our mobile billboard . It 's chilly . Okay , let 's do this , come on , drive ahead . Dad ! Dad , dad ! Shit , take this . Hey . Hey , you , get over here , it 's freezing out here . What are you doing ? I made a video for you , so did mom . So you 're the little monkey that stole my phone , I 've been looking everywhere for it . Yeah , I wanted to make it a surprise . Well , it is , sweet face , thank you . I love you . Okay , get inside , it 's freezing . Go go go go . Hey , I 'm sorry . You weren 't even gonna say goodbye . I didn 't wanna wake you guys up . I just wanted to slip away , I 'm sorry . Be safe , okay . ( slow music ) It 's gotta be hard leaving sometimes , huh ? Yeah , sometimes . Bill , how long we got ? Uh , about a seven hour drive . Then we take a boat to the middle of nowhere where we leave you for dead . This gives me plenty of time to further establish my dominance over my poor younger brother here . Oh , is that right ? Well , I 've been practicing online so you better watch out . Game on . Whoa , that one ? Is that really , that 's the one that you wanna move ? I 'm just saying , that 's the way you wanna start it ? Are we gonna trash talk each other in this game ? ( laughing ) It 's already over . Smartass . ♪ You can 't survive on just crab apples ♪ ♪ Tastes just fine to me ♪ ♪ You got to know where you 're headin ' ♪ ♪ We never know where we 're headin ' ♪ ♪ Oh oh no , we just ride and see ♪ ♪ And do you live the good life ♪ ♪ Oh Hell No ♪ ♪ We got kids and a wife ♪ ♪ Oh hell no ♪ ♪ We live our life for the ride ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ooh ♪ All right , so , final recount . All right , you got four GoPros , one Blackmagic , one HTV with night vision . Oh , and here , lens wipes , use ' em . I 'm tired of lack of footage 'cause the lens is dirty . Take it , take it . Yes ma 'am , Jesus . Okay , so , final location recap . We 're gonna circle up with our guide about 70 kilometers west of Temagami . It 's very very remote , nothing for miles . There 's a little hunting camp called Bearskin Lake is the closest thing . Used to be a logging mill . Oh , apparently our guide lives there . Great . Topography ? Plenty of lakes of rivers , some edible plants , mushrooms , be careful . You eat one lousy mushroom . ( laughing ) Memories of season one . Well , let 's not have a replay of that . Yeah , but don 't forget to eat something gross . The viewers love that . I think you love that . Yeah , I do , I really do . ( laughing ) But the viewers do too , and this is a new audience for us , so . I think she 's right . She 's right , this is our chance to take this show really big . Don 't you worry , buddy , Dougie 's got it under control . Well , I certainly hope so . There 's a lot riding on this . Yeah , and I 'm not ready for a real job . Thanks for the overwhelming confidence , guys . ( laughing ) You got this , I know , I know . I 'm feeling so , I 'm feeling the love , I 'm feeling it . [ Angie ] Mind the door , buddy . Last one in buys . Not too long , guys , days are shorter and shorter . We gotta get out there . Guys , I 'm gonna hit the head . Gonna give birth to a calf out of my ass . ( laughing ) What the , Ange ? What is up ? I 'm just gonna talk to somebody about where our guide is . All right , Bill , you do that . It 's a nice town . You didn 't happen to notice a hospital on the drive in , did you ? No , you 'd be lucky to find a bottle of aspirin here . That 's what I figured . Great . Hey , look , man , for the record- - I know that you 're gonna go out there and you are gonna do a great job . We all do . Well , all right , thanks , Slim . What , you getting all sentimental on me now ? No , I 'm not , I 'm just trying to find a nice way to say it . Terry , spit it out . Just don 't fuck this up . Get us a real show- - You know , no more fart jokes , no more goofball stuff for me to cut around . This network show deal might be our chance to make some real money . And I don 't want your ego to get in the way of the team . Hah . I 'm sorry , man . I 'm gonna go check on the gear . Good , good chat . Fuck me . Okay so , I found our guy . He just got his breakfast , just says he needs a little time . Seriously ? I don 't think that guy 's playing with a full six pack . Bill , you realize , I 've gotta build a fire and a shelter before the sun goes down . Yeah yeah yeah , you wanna go talk to him ? [ Doug ] Ah , Jesus . Come on , do it , go , use your star-studded charm . Get him off his ass , come on . [ Doug ] You 're an idiot . Go . His name is Duncan . [ Doug ] Duncan ? Yeah , that dude on the end . Oh boy . I 'm Doug , Doug Woods . Real pleasure to meet you , Mr. Woods . Are you a fan of the show ? Would be if I had the cable . Yeah , there 's that . So , you 're pretty familiar with these parts , huh ? This your hood ? Wouldn 't be much of a guide if I wasn 't . So any expert advice ? What ? For a hotshot outdoorsman like yourself ? ( laughing ) Heck , nothing I wouldn 't tell myself every time I go out in the bush . Oh yeah , what 's that ? That if I die , a bear will probably find my body way before any search party does . I 'll see ya on the boat , Mr. Woods . Uplifting . Good . Yeah . ( grunting ) Angie , Terry , this is Duncan . Duncan , Angie , Terry . Hey , how 's you doing ? Thank you . This is some engine you got here , huh ? Oh . Need a shallow draw to navigate these waterways . Comes in real handy in the back lakes during the moose season , eh ? That 's impressive . I know . Only the best . Same as always , five days alone making TV magic , then we pick you up . Anything goes wrong , we track you on the sat phone , we haul your ass out of there . All right ? Okay . Ooh , must be nice to have a lifeline . ( chuckling ) Hey hey hey , this is what you do , all right ? Hold that ? Hold that . All right , bring it in . Bring it in . Ow ! Bony knuckles . Season three ! ( cheering ) ( slow foreboding music ) [ Doug ] Oh ! Son of a bitch . ( laughs ) A soaker five seconds in . Is that a new record . Funny . Please , don 't start the new season ... Well , I tell you what , any time you wanna be the guy out here on his own , you let me know , ' cause that 'd make a great comedy show . Ass . Hey , don 't forget , eat something gross . ( boat engine revs ) ( slow music ) ( camera beeps ) Hi , everyone . Well , here I am , in the wilderness of the Great Canadian north . My team just dropped me off , and I 'm completely on my own . I won 't be seeing anyone for another five days until they come pick me up . The scenario I 'll be playing out is that of an amateur nature photographer who got lost in the woods and totally turned around . And as always , my producers have packed my backpack . I don 't know what I 'm gonna get . So , let 's see what we got in here . We got a hat , ... a camera , a flash , oh , that 's bright . I said , amateur photographer . Can of Amp energy drink , apple , Swiss army knife , and a stick of gum . The first thing I 'm gonna wanna do is hike into that treeline . Once there , I can figure out exactly how I 'm gonna survive these next five days . ( camera beeps ) ( panting ) As you can see , I started building my shelter . Now I 'm using this large , fallen branch , and I 'm laying in these cedar branches at an angle . It should keep me nice and toasty . And the idea here is to make sure that we , ow , oh ! Oh , fuck , motherfucker ! Oh . Okay , let 's document that . You see that ? That 's right under the nail . Oh , day one and I 'm already bleeding . Oh , that hurts . One , two , three , oh ! Oh , that feels better . And I 'll clean myself up , and get back to my shelter . Hello there . Yep , I just finished this tasty soda . I 'm gonna show you how to start a fire using a soda can . What you 're gonna wanna do , grab some earth , moist dirt , and polish the bottom of the can . I 've been doing this one for about a half hour . That 's right , a half hour of constant polishing . I 'm very good at it . ( chuckling ) No more fuck ups . What we do is we place the can in the position so that the sun can bounce right off it , find a sweet spot , and let the sun do its work . Oh , oh , oh . Yeah ! I have made fire ! Nobody cares . I care . Aw , come on , that 's cool no matter how you cut it . Ooh , don 't wanna burn the camera . ( laughing ) All right , more wood , more wood . ( slow ominous music ) ( phone beeping ) ( dial tone ringing ) [ Angie ] Hello , fearless leader , still alive ? Well , now that I hear your sexy voice , I have something to live for . Hold up , Bill wants to talk to you . Hey , pal , all good ? Yep , all settled in , just checking in on you guys . Is that music ? Oh , yeah , that 's off Terry 's laptop . Hey , I gotta tell you , buddy . Duncan set us up in a primo spot . Angie was off getting beer all today , ... .. I caught two good sized trout , reeled ' em off , now into Angie 's scotch , we 're all a little drunk . You know I 'm sleeping under a tree , right ? Nice , buddy . That 's why you 're gonna be famous in 11 different countries . From your lips . Hey , put Terry on . Slim ! Hey , how 's today 's footage looking ? Pretty good . Some minor fuck ups to cut around . Oh , yeah , that 's to be expected . ( laughs ) Smartass . Hey , listen , I 've hiked into Gull Lake , I 've set up a shelter , I 'm gonna stay here . So pick up will be the same as drop off , got it ? Yeah . All right , go back to your little fancy party . I 'll talk to you guys in the morning . And they 're worried about me . ( sighing ) ( fire crackling ) ( exploding ) ( ominous music ) Something , uh- - Some sort of- - I guess it was a noise , woke me up . I literally felt the Earth shake beneath me . Phew . There 's no storm . Guess it was an earthquake . They 're rare , but they do happen . I guess there are no aftershocks , so , back in the sack . Well , it 's day two on the Canadian Shield . And even with a shelter and a fire , it sure is nice when the sun comes up . Now the sun will be up- - Holy shit . Look at that , look at that , look , up , look . It 's like a perfect line right down the lake . Jesus , maybe it had something to do with the sound I heard last night . That 's no lightning . Well , we gotta investigate this . From wilderness show to detective show . Follow me . What the fuck ? ( ominous music ) Look at that . There 's something in that water . Shit . Looks like we 've got a visitor . The important thing is to stay calm . Just back away , get out of Mr. Wolf 's path . Wow . That 's a large male . He 's getting ready to settle in for a long , harsh winter , so , he 's ready to pack all the pounds . These fish here are going to be a huge feast for him . That 's odd . He just walked right by ' em . I 'd love fish tonight . Still , maybe that wolf knows something I don 't . Better safe than sorry . ( beeping ) ( beeping ) ( beeping ) Useless piece of shit . Maybe it was a meteor . That could knock out the satellite reception with Terry . I knew your geek facts would come in handy . A meteor . I 'm not gonna take a chance on those fish . Let 's see if we can trap some small game . Okay , here we go . See that ? That right there ? Those droppings , most likely rabbit . I hate to kill any animal , but in survival conditions , everything 's fair game . That big fat rabbit sure would be tasty right about now . Let 's see what we can do . Now , one of the simplest , most effective traps is called the figure four deadfall . And what you need for this is three sticks and a big rock . And it 's very very simple . Put a piece of bait just on the tip of stick C over here , our furry little friend will crawl in all curious and hungry , and with any luck , he 'll trigger the trap . And that will kill any small animal . All right . Now , let 's set this up again so you guys can see how I did it . You take a big rock , it 's heavier than it looks , stick A , stick B , stick C. You wanna make sure the grooves and the notches all line up . You want a big rock . Ah , okay . Now for bait . Rabbits love apples . All right . Now we wait . All right . There , don 't say I never did anything for you , Angie . ( ominous music ) Okay , so , this morning I set three traps . Let 's see if we got any food . Oh , look at this . Wait for it . It looks like we got some food . I 'll tell ya , it 'll be nice to get some warm meat in my belly . Ah , can it be ? ( laughing ) Two out of three , let 's eat ! ( rustling ) ( ominous music ) ( camera beeps ) So , as you can see , I 've moved away from camp . You don 't want any dead animals , blood or guts , anywhere near where you 're sleeping . You 'd invite unwelcome guests like coyotes , wolves , a bear . What you wanna do is take Bugs here , lay him on his back like this . Take your knife , you wanna make a nice , long cut from the breast all the way down to the belly . Once you 've made the first cut , you wanna work your thumbs in and under the fur all the way around . Kind of like a giant tangerine . Pull it apart , and when you get down to the leg , you need to snap it , and make a shallow cut all the way around the paw . It should all slide off . Next , a nice slice right from the breastbone down to the belly , this time you wanna get deep . And that reveals rabbit innards . Mmm . Okay , last but not least , sorry , pal , cut off the head . And there you have it , sumptuous wild rabbit ready to cook . ( phone beeping ) Come on ! Useless piece of shit . Can you hear me now ? Hey , babe . I know things have been really stressful lately . I wanted to give you something to keep you warm and cozy in those freezing cold nights out in the woods . I know that you love it out there but , just , be careful , okay ? And we will be here when you get back . And so will these . ( laughing ) I love you . Yeah , I 'm an ass . ( rustling ) ( ominous music ) So , whatever it is , it 's back . That 's probably that wolf . Wolves travel in packs , so I 'd be lying if I said I wasn 't a little nervous . Between a wolf pack and a bear , I 'd take a bear any day . Let 's have some more food . So , just finished my first rabbit . Delicious . While I could easily eat the second , it 's probably a wise idea to save it for tomorrow . After all , my traps may yield nothing and I don 't wanna be hungry tomorrow . But I don 't wanna keep the rabbit with me here at my shelter , I don 't wanna attract any animals like our friend , Mr. Wolf out there . So what I 'm gonna do is hang it from a high branch out of reach of any large animals . I didn 't have any rope with me . That 's where a camera strap comes in handy . It 's made of a tightly woven nylon , and cut into thin strips , it makes a terrific rabbit rope . All right , so I 've got my homemade rope with a stick tied on the end , and I 'll try and get it over that branch and hoist up Mr. Bunny . Oh , almost . One more time , hang on . Yeah , oh , come on . Oh , one more time , hang on . Hang on , we almost got it . Piece of shit ! And a three . Ah ha . First try . Okay . ( ominous music ) All right . Piece of cake . Now , an important and often overlooked aspect of survival is keeping your mind active . The isolation and loneliness can drive many to lose hope . As you know , I like to play chess against myself . ( rustling ) Okay , where were we . ( ominous music ) ( growling ) ( thunder rumbling ) ( camera beeps ) ( yawning ) No idea what time it is . I 'm guessing it 's the middle of the night . The sky just opened up . But I am staying relatively dry . So is some extra bit of firewood that I 've got . I throw a little bit on every so often just to make sure that the fire doesn 't die . I 'm actually really happy with this shelter . And the fallen tree , and the pine and spruce branches as a roof , I 'm gonna stay relatively dry all night . I 'll check in with you guys in the morning . Oh ! Relatively dry my wet , cold ass . ( laughs ) Oh , I hate you guys so much right now and your scientifically designed waterproof tents . ( screeching ) What the fuck was that ? A little night vision here , Terry . ( ominous music ) ( rustling ) Hey , hey ! ( rustling ) That sucked . Yeah , between the rain and the wolves ? Whatever the fuck that was . I didn 't sleep at all . ( geese honking ) My back is killing me . I 'm wet , wet ass . Shut up , geese ! Why the fuck did I sign up for this . I hate this , I hate this so much right now , I don 't have the words for it . Get it together , get it together , come on . Got a show to do . All right . Fuck . ( camera beeping ) It 's day three in the great Canadian Shield . My shelter served my great last night . It shielded me from the rain and the heavy winds . On the breakfast menu this morning , wild- - ( ominous music ) God dammit . ( phone beeping ) Come on , come on , come on . ( phone beeping ) Come on ! Fucking lousy piece of shit ! Okay okay okay okay okay . ( slow music ) Okay , it couldn 't have been the wolf . That 'd have to be one crafty fucking wolf . So yesterday I got lucky , nabbed me two delicious rabbits . Let 's see if I get as lucky today . Well , it looks like I 'm not the only hunter in these woods . Yeah , most likely a bear . Or that wolf , came across my track , slipped over the rock , and just ate whatever I caught . Let 's see if we 're any luckier with the other traps . This wolf 's probably thinking , it 's my lucky day . There 's food under every rock . Oh , wait a minute . Wait a minute . Maybe he felt sorry for me and left me one seeing as I did all the work . ( ominous music ) What the hell ? You ever seen anything like that before . Yeah , me neither . ( camera beeps ) Where 's the phone ? What the fuck ? Doug , you put the phone here . God dammit . I put it here . Okay . Okay , the phone 's gone . I 'm losing my fucking mind . I put the fucking phone on the bag . I put it on the bag . ( slow music ) That 's not how I left it . Oh god , I must be losing my mind . So , someone 's clearly messing with me . Rabbit , and then that scream at night . And the traps . Now the sat phone is gone and the chess pieces have moved . You know any wolves who can play chess ? There 's someone clearly out here . I got two more days . That 's it , I 'm gonna make my way around the lake and then I 'm gonna come up the pickup point . I swear to God , Terry . I swear to God if this is you and Bill and Angie , if this is your way of teaching me a lesson , of fucking with me , oh my God . ( laughing ) I will be really really really fucking pissed off at you guys . ( slow music ) Son of a bitch , it 's actually a really good move . Fuck it can 't be Terry . Yeah , this guy 's a good chess player , I 'll give him that . Try and get out of that , son of a bitch . ( growling ) ( camera beeps ) So , you 'll have to cut around this , Terry . My spidey senses are screaming at me to get the hell out of here . I mean , crocodiles , snakes , bears , bring ' em on . But psycho mountain men ? I have no interest in tangling with . I 'm gonna ditch my fancy digs here , I 'm gonna move out onto the cliff , I 'll try and get some footage for the show , but , this is starting to feel really messed up . ( camera beeps ) So , let 's assume you 've been lost in the woods for several days now , and you 're confident that a rescue party is out looking for you . In that scenario , you wouldn 't wanna be in the dense forest , but out in the wide open where you 'd have a greater chance of being seen . This will serve as an ideal spot for my next camp . Just on top of the ridge there is an open area that 's clearly visible from the sky as well as the surrounding lakes . And this rock face will serve as a good shelter to shield me from the wind and the rain . Now we just have to make it a little cozier . Let 's get to it . ( panting ) Home sweet home . Welcome to my new camp . Let 's go scrounge up some food now that we 've got our fire going . ( camera beeps ) See any fish down there ? Okay . So here I am at the creek , which is not only my new water source , this is also a great spot for finding local food . Small fish , crayfish , frogs , anything buggy . ( ominous music ) Recognize this ? So I 'm not alone out here I guess , I got a fan . Oh , this is a great spot for you guys to drop me . And the mystery of the missing cell phone is solved . And buddy decided to take it apart . Well , at least I know I 'm not going crazy . This is starting to feel- - ( rustling ) ( gasping ) Jesus . Are you seeing this ? ( tense music ) What the fuck ? I didn 't set that up . I didn 't set that up . Check . Hey , asshole ! I know you 're out there ! Well , I like your fucking chess moves ! Fucker . ( fire crackling ) So I set a three camera security perimeter . Asshole sets one foot in this camp , smile , you 're on fucking camera . ( owl hooting ) ( laughing ) Oh fuck me . Oh fuck . Who 's idea was northern Ontario ? Huh , Terry ? Why couldn 't it have been Bahamas or Santa Barbara ? Surviving Santa Barbara , I 'd watch that show . ( coughing ) I 'm famished . I haven 't eaten anything today . I 'm gonna turn in early and wake up and try and find some food . I 'll try and make it something gross for you , Bill . Good night . ( slow music ) ( ominous music ) ( coughing ) ( ominous music ) Someone was in my camp last night . They tilted the fucking cameras down . Ah no no . That 's it , that 's it , I 'm done . I 'm done , I 'm fucking done , Terry . This is bullshit . Yeah , I can deal with the outdoors , and the fucking animals , and the weather , but I can 't deal with a fucking psycho , chess playing lumberjack , Terry . I 'm done , it 's over . You 're gonna have to cut this together and make it look like five days in post . I 'm gathering my fucking equipment and I 'm fucking getting the fuck out of here , all right ? This is ridiculous . Fuck you ! Fucking asshole . ( tense music ) All right , guys , that 's it . As soon as I 'm done here I 'll pack up all my gear . Come to scoop me up , okay ? It 's the best I can do . This one 's for you , little bro . ( coughing ) Well , I 've survived five days here in the forests of northern Canada . While the wilderness can be hash and unforgiving , it can also provide you with all the necessary elements for survival . I 've moved myself to an elevated spot with an open area above me , and I 've thrown some fresh pine and spruce needles on my fire . That 'll create a smoke signal that 's visible for miles . And then , the help will arrive . You hear that , help will arrive , so hurry up , guys , get off your lazy asses and come get me . ( rustling ) ( ominous music ) All right , enough is enough . Enough is enough . God dammit ! Duncan , is that you ? I know you 're out here , come on ! ( growling ) ( feedback screeching ) ( gasping ) ( tense music ) What the , what the fuck ? Okay , get dry , get dry . Okay , okay , okay . Okay , okay , okay , calm down , calm down . Okay . Gotta get to base camp , take things from there . You can do it . Okay , okay , okay . ( panting ) Two , three , come on . ( tense music ) ( coughing ) ( branches snapping ) ( screeching ) ( tense music ) Base camp . ( shouting ) ( screaming ) ( groaning ) Ah , fuck , fuck . ( groaning ) Terry ? ( grunting ) ( groaning ) Fuck , fuck , fuck . Guys ? Bill ? Angie ? Terry ! Terry ? Guys ? Terry ! Terry ? Terry ? It 's me , buddy . It 's me , it 's me , bro , I 'm here . I 'm gonna go to the tent , I 'm gonna get the med kit , I 'll be right back , okay ? Hang in there , you hold on . Run . ( radio crackling ) Mayday , mayday , this is an emergency , over . ( radio crackling ) Mayday , we need , mayday , we need help . Can anyone read me , over . We 're 20 kilometers from Bearskin Lake . We need an emergency medical evac . Please read me , over . Do you read me ! There are people dying , over ! ( banging ) ( hissing ) ( tense music ) Fuck . ( rustling ) ( growling ) ( screeching ) ( screeching ) ( beeping ) ( hissing ) ( shouting ) ( sobbing ) I don 't know who I 'm filming this for any more . I figure maybe someone should know . Bill , Angie , and Terry are dead . I 'm pretty sure I killed the thing that did it , ... I don 't know what it was . I 'm hundreds of miles from anywhere . In case I don 't make it , Jo , I knew the first I saw you , I was a goner . I could survive the North Pole , but I was no match for that smile . Holly , my baby . My baby girl , I love you , I love you so much it hurts my heart . ( slow music ) Video message to daddy , take one . Hi , daddy , I just wanted to say I love you and I 'll miss you . Don 't be afraid , because I know you 're the bravest and the strongest , and that you 're coming home soon . Okay , Doug ... How do we get home ? ( grunting ) Bearskin Lake . That 's where Duncan is . That 's 20 clicks . Six hours . ( tense music ) ( panting ) Fuck . Go with your gut . Duncan . Duncan ! Duncan , thank god . Duncan ? ( rock music from stereo ) Holy shit ! Oh shit . Fuck , fuck . ( TV hissing ) At this point we can 't say with any accuracy what the scope of the attack is . The initial global air attack targeted the world 's largest and most densely populated cities and military installations . New York , Los Angeles , London , Mumbai , Beijing . Get down ! Now , the initial global attack only lasted 97 minutes , but it managed to cripple most of the world , ... All we know is that the attack is of unknown origin . Not of this world . Now , the last reports we had were that several alien aircraft were shot down by northern military defense forces . Authorities have been pleading with people to get as far away from the densely populated urban centers , to get as far away from them as possible . And if you managed to escape , and if you can hear me , if you 're out there , if you 're out there , good luck . ( tense music ) Major cities . Jo . [ TV ] At this point we can 't say with any accuracy what the scope of the attack is . The initial global air attack targeted the largest and most densely populated- - You gotta be alive . These will me to the channels . I 'll have to figure it out from there . [ Duncan ] Hey ! Duncan ? What they hell are you doing in my boat ? It 's me , Doug Woods . Where 's the rest of your crew ? They 're all dead . Dead ? What the hell 's going on ? I don 't have time to explain , just get on the boat and we 'll talk while we 're moving . Mr. Woods . I really need you to get out of my boat . Duncan , I 'm not arguing with you , just get on the fucking boat . You can just- - ( screeching ) Fuck . ( screeching ) ( boat engine revs ) ( screeching ) ( screeching ) ( shouting ) Checkmate . ( boat engine revs ) ( slow music ) ( " Lonely Gunman " by Jesse Parent ) ♪ There 's a place just off the coast ♪ ♪ In the middle of nowhere ♪ ♪ Deep inside the hills ♪ ♪ Sitting silently lives the lonely , the lonely gunman ♪ ♪ Counting up his kills ♪ ♪ Oh yeah ♪ ♪ When he was young he dreamed of a life ♪ ♪ Of growing old and happy ♪ ♪ But he was so naive ♪ ♪ ' Cause you can never shoot a gun ♪ ♪ Pull the trigger ♪ ♪ With your heart on your sleeve ♪ ♪ Oh no ♪ ♪ He 's come to terms with a life spent alone ♪ ♪ No room for love in a heart made of stone ♪ ♪ He made the choice oh so long ago ♪ ♪ Between a woman and a smoking gun ♪ ♪ There was a time he fell in love ♪ ♪ And he was happy ♪ ♪ With a woman soft and kind ♪ ♪ But every time he closed his eyes ♪ ♪ And pulled the trigger ♪ ♪ He left a bit of himself behind ♪ ♪ Oh yeah ♪ ♪ Now he 's haunted by the eyes ♪ ♪ Of the lives he 's taken ♪ ♪ As they were making their last stands ♪ ♪ There is no amount of time ♪ ♪ That can wash away ♪ ♪ The blood from his hands ♪ ♪ Oh no ♪
