 Subtitled by sharkykh We would it mean if we had an asteroid that suddenly was able to shift and move ? Well , it would raise a lot of eyebrows , let 's put it that way . What the hell just happened ? The Nauvoo just missed ! And then probably send people screaming and running for the hills . The Nauvoo didn 't move . Eros did . If you think about this entire series , there 's there 's no magic in The Expanse , it 's a very realistic universe . So for these four very seasoned and scientifically experienced people , to look at a screen and watch a massive rock suddenly just , almost , transport sideways while a giant ship just whooshes by and misses it ... It 's such a bizarre thing , because scientifically the asteroid moving never made sense . Just all of that stuff was crazy on the page . Figuring out a way to do this , that we got that sense of power and speed and how devastating the Nauvoo 's gonna be when it does slam into this rock . And still leave it up there long enough , that we can tell what 's happening . Realistically , if that actually happened it would have gone by too quickly , no one would ever see it till after the fact . But finding a way to really dramatize that , and let Tom play against it , because of course Thomas has this really powerful , emotional arc that he 's in , and we want to see his face , we want to see him reacting to what 's happening , and his confusion at what 's going on . Giving him a moment in which to play that , so that moment doesn 't go by so quickly Figuring out a way to do that was not easy . ... As does the Moroni . The whole ship , in a heartbeat . I just think we like to do " What the - --- " moments here . What ... the ... - --- I think Naomi becomes Miller 's guiding light because they 've connected , and she 's made the effort to connect with him on a human level . Miller , answer me . Are you all right ? Naomi is the voice in Miller 's ears , like that ... She 's the one that 's looking out for him , he 's always on her mind . You know , I have never been better . It 's really an interesting thing , because as we were writing , you know , as we were developing season two and writing the scripts , we had initially conceived of ... Well , this is gonna be a great bond between Miller and Holden , and ... As we started writing the episodes , what we were finding was that the warmest and most personal moments were actually occurring between Miller and Naomi . I think that it was very much pinned in the beginning , for him and Holden to have a very close relationship by this point . It just so happen that as the scenes played out , it ended up being Naomi and Miller that ended up getting really close , and ... They 're very intimate moments , that you see Miller having , but with her . And it was just an absolute joy for me , I think he 's wonderful . Good luck , kopeng mi . Ya , oso to . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
