 Previously on " marvel 's agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... Simmons : We 're trapped in the Framework . Please tell me that you built a back door to this place . I did . Tell me where to go . Had an old-school spy camera . Took some pictures in the lab . Pictures of what ? The doctor 's been working on a secret project . The people from that world want to destroy what we 've built . This is why you 've been so keen on finishing project looking glass . Fire on the quarantine building . [ Device beeps ] Activating body cam . Going in . Get him out . Nobody move ! Are you insane ? ! He 's trying to save a kid ! [ Flatline ] Is it true - - that you 're an inhuman ? Yeah , powerful enough to bring this whole damn place down . [ Terrigen crystal shatters ] I hope so . ♪ ♪ good morning ! I 'm sunil bakshi , and today , we are talking about justice . Yesterday , we witnessed a harrowing and unprovoked attack on hydra 's enlightenment cultivation center . The perpetrator - - the inhuman terrorist and resistance leader who called himself " the patriot " - - again acted with flagrant disregard for human life . But we are pleased to report the patriot has been killed . That man will no longer stand as a symbol of evil and villainy . And while this is a cause for celebration , it is also a reminder to remain ever vigilant . One must never forget that danger can lurk around any corner . ♪ ♪ [ both grunt ] ♪ ♪ you 're looking better . Yeah . Thanks for that . [ Soldiers shouting indistinctly ] ♪ ♪ try to keep up while you recover . [ Sighs ] ♪ ♪ [ gunfire ] ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ where to next ? Elevator to the garage . Cover me . [ Gunfire ] ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ come on . ♪ ♪ [ elevator bell dings ] ♪ ♪ drop your weapons ! Now ! ♪ ♪ agent may , interesting . ♪ ♪ no matter the circumstance , none of you can escape your true nature . You , the warrior . Mack , the protector . And Fitz , well ... He 's a romantic . And me , what - - i don 't make the list ? [ Rumbling ] [ Screams ] Let 's move . ♪ ♪ [ monitors beeping ] ♪ ♪ I did not think it possible for a machine to be on edge . It is not . I am simply recalibrating after a setback within the framework . Has one of your playthings rebelled ? Agent may has begun to question the narrative she was programmed with . How very human of her . It is no more than a slight complication . Then I will un-complicate it for you . [ Gun cocks ] [ Grunts ] ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] ♪ ♪ what have you done to me ? Why can I not kill her ? Because I built you . ♪ ♪ the same parameters that limit me must also limit you . My primary directive requires me to protect these people . Then we are both powerless . Not entirely . If they become a direct threat to the framework , then they no longer require protection . And there are already two agents that fall into this category - - Jemma Simmons and Daisy Johnson . The inhuman . She 's hacked into the framework . The two are inside with memories intact , trying to dismantle it . So now their deaths are required - - and easily achievable . I simply need you to find them . With pleasure . Jeffrey mace hated our freedoms and sought to turn our country - - [ monitor beeps ] [ Remote clatters ] Tainting the name of a good man . Anyone else getting sick of this propaganda crap ? It 's like sipping poison . Little bit every day , you don 't even notice till it kills you . We need to start thinking retaliation . Retaliation ? No , we got to put human lives before revenge . Look , those people were promised a better life . Now , the man who made that promise is gone , so you got to talk to them and let them know - - we 'll make good on it , i know . Or how about we review those plans I stole from hydra 's lab ? You know , since I almost died to get them . Look , if she 's building some - - some crazy doomsday device - - can we not use that word to describe it ? It 's not helping me think . This is how movements die . Don 't say that , sir . Well , if history 's taught me anything , it 's that good intentions don 't translate into action without a steady hand to guide them . The patriot brought all these people together . His death might tear them apart . I still can 't believe he 's gone . We need to get out of the framework before we lose anyone else . Mack : Hey , check this out . [ Monitor beeps ] We 've received word of a terrorist attack at the triskelion . Sources say that an inhuman made an attempt on madame hydra 's life . Fortunately , our beloved leader emerged unscathed , but the vile assailant remains at large . Daisy ? ♪ ♪ so , why exactly did you help me ? Last time I checked , you weren 't really rooting for team inhuman . When an enemy sacrifices his life for yours , you have to question if you 're fighting for the wrong side . Seeing that building collapse on the patriot , I - - wait , the patriot 's dead ? I know what he meant to the resistance . [ Sighs ] No . It 's not just that . He ... [ Sighs ] We lost one . Mourn later . Right now , i need your head in the game . I 'm trying . Still feeling the after-effects of the terrigen . It 's like a hangover made of bees . I 've seen what terrigenesis does to people . What I don 't get is how you can control your powers so quickly . I 've had practice . What the hell does that mean ? It means ... You know what ? I 'm not gonna go there . Just - - just keep moving . The resistance must have a base of operation . Where is it ? No idea . All I know is a time and place to make contact . We just have to get there . We 're confident that she 'll regain consciousness , sir . There is , however , cause for concern regarding her spine . Will she walk ? The trauma shattered her t4 and t5 vertebrae . [ Monitor beeping ] And we 're still determining the extent of the nerve damage , but , uh , there are exciting ... Leave . ... new treatments ... Now . [ Beeping continues ] ♪ ♪ alistair : We 'll find a way to help her . There 's no doubt . But for now , your focus should be on the traitors who did this . They 've made us look weak . I can 't have that . No . So what are you going to do about it ? Send a message to the people . Exactly . Betrayal will not be tolerated . That 's my son . We 're all hoping for Ophelia 's recovery , but in the meantime , you have an obligation to lead . You 're the new head of hydra . ♪ ♪ [ wind whistling ] Mr. bakshi here to see you . Leopold , i came as soon as I could . What kind of monsters would do this ? Inhumans . The ever-present threat . And Ophelia ? Is she - - she 's fine . Good . I would love to see her on the show tonight . Her charming visage could really drum up sympathies for the cause . No interviews . People like to see their leader 's unshaken after an attack . I said no . Of course . We can use archival footage , placate the public . They 'll never know the difference . Well , no , I don 't want the public placated . I want them afraid . Well , what do you need from me ? ♪ ♪ we can now exclusively confirm the identities of the terrorists responsible for this morning 's horrific attack on the triskelion . This woman , known by the alias " Skye , " is a member of the inhumans first movement . Her goal - - destabilize hydra from within . We warn our audience that this inhuman has the potential to cause mass destruction , and she has been known to target civilians . Her accomplice , Melinda may , colluded with the patriot to destroy the enlightenment center . We are asking you , the public , to do your civic duty and help bring these killers to justice . Those who provide any information that could lead us t- - [ Monitor beeps ] Hey ! Calm down . At least Skye 's not a prisoner anymore . Yeah , but if hydra finds her before I do , they 'll march her into a public square and put a bullet in her head . Hey . Not in front of my daughter . Like it or not , this is the reality we live in . ♪ ♪ I have to find her . Would they really kill Skye ? [ Sighs ] No , just , uh ... He 's just getting worked up . She 's gonna be fine . The guy on the TV said she was dangerous . She seemed nice . Sweetheart , the news is controlled by hydra . Just try not to pay any attention to that , okay ? Everything 's gonna be all right . I 'm gathering a team to search for Skye . Could use a few extra bodies . Do we have a lead ? No lead . But if we don 't leave now , we 're gonna be searching for a corpse . Let 's - - let 's think this through . Skye could be anywhere . Running blind puts our people at risk . She is at risk . Hydra is hunting her , full force ! Call me crazy , but I think she can take care of herself . The smart move is to wait for her to reach out . Look , this isn 't your wheelhouse . I 'm sure you 're a good schoolteacher , but , uh ... You 're a schoolteacher . Maybe , but ... Someone once thought i could be more than that . I had a chance to join S.H.I.E.L.D. A man showed up when i was fresh out of school - - I don 't have time for a history lesson . [ Chuckles ] I said no because I was afraid - - the way you 're afraid right now . Don 't let emotion cloud your judgment . That 's not what 's going on here . I could 've changed my life that day . But it seemed like too much responsibility . I didn 't want to shoulder it . But now I think maybe I should have . Well , when I got that offer , i took it . I was serving time . Arson , first degree . Pretty sure my life was over . That 's when someone came to me . A S.H.I.E.L.D. agent ? What was his name ? [ Chuckles ] She 'd laugh that you assumed it was a guy . Her name was Victoria hand . She was the first person to tell me I could be a good man . Skye was the one who made me believe it . Now , she is in danger . I can 't just sit around and do nothing . Try not to get killed , okay ? ♪ ♪ we need to be more cautious . It 's too risky on foot . We need wheels . May : We already committed treason . What 's a little Grand Theft Auto ? You see that look ? Maybe she 's just racist . Or starstruck . It must 've been difficult to recover these . Hey , it 's what I do . I 'm just bummed i lost my granddad 's camera . Howling commandos , right ? I always meant to ask you about that . What do you mean , " always " ? Uh , I - - I just - - I 'd heard . [ Chuckles ] You 're quite popular within the resistance . [ Chuckles ] You know it . [ Chuckles ] ♪ ♪ no , no , no ... This is quantum-energy manipulation . Darkhold tech . Dark-who now ? Simmons : I 've seen this machinery before . It was designed to build elements from thin air . This - - this looks like it 's creating something even more complex . That machine required an immense amount of energy . It was powered by a hydroelectric dam . No doubt , this device would need a more substantial energy source . Did you hear anything like that mentioned when you were undercover ? Nothing about a dam , but I heard someone talking about shipping parts east to some oil-drilling platform . Ivanov 's base in the baltic sea . [ Chuckles ] Of course aida 's using his assets here . She 's probably working with him on this side , too . Wait . What are you talking about ? I think I know where the machine is being built . Can we take the quinjet on a recon mission ? Nobody here to tell us no . I 'll grab a team . Are you sure the patriot 's dead ? I saw the building collapse on him . I have the body-cam footage to prove it . [ Dwarf whirring ] This is our window . Get out of here . Hey ! Hey . We are friends of the resistance . I know who you are . There 's chatter all over the police band . We weren 't followed . We were careful . Not careful enough . Milkman , i have contact ! Aah ! [ Gunfire ] Come on ! Incoming ! [ Rumbling ] [ Soldiers shouting indistinctly ] [ Screaming ] Where 's ward ? He went looking for Skye . Agent triplett ? Took the quinjet on some kind of recon mission with Simmons . Take a breath . What 's going on ? One of our field agents just called in . Said he had made contact with someone . Was it Skye ? I don 't know . There was gunshots . The line went dead . Could be her , could be a trap . [ Sighs ] Mace was always the one to make these calls . Let 's go check it out . W-what about backup ? What about transport ? W-we 're spread too thin . I 'll drive . The hydra bus should get us there in one piece . You sure ? Yeah , somebody 's got to step up . I 'll catch up with you , okay ? [ Chatter ] Mrs. Lee . Yeah . Can you watch hope for a couple of hours ? Sure , whatever you need . Thank you . Hey . Hey , sparkplug , uh ... I have to take off for a little bit to help S.H.I.E.L.D. Can I help ? Okay . Uh ... There 's some busted walkie-talkies by the bunks over there . Maybe you can show the other kids how to fix a radio . That might take a while , but okay . ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] May : He 's still breathing , but we 're gonna need to find another way to get out of here . How long before hydra busts down that door ? Not long . They 'll be following s.O.P. For a hostile inhuman . Six teams to sweep the area . And if the hostile 's taken cover ... They 'll call in an air strike and sort through the rubble later . Like what they did with the patriot ? What I did . ♪ ♪ that air strike was on my order . ♪ ♪ you didn 't know . Doesn 't change what I did . You can 't blame yourself for their lies . Once you learned the truth , you fought back . That is what we need . If more people see what you saw , maybe they 'll fight back , too . ♪ ♪ [ monitor beeping ] ♪ ♪ how is she ? No change . ♪ ♪ bakshi 's exposé worked . You 've found them ? Tips from the public are pouring in . One of them looks legitimate . I have men closing in on their location now . ♪ ♪ I want to monitor this situation personally . Ophelia ? You 're awake . ♪ ♪ Leopold ... Finish it . I will . I will . We 've just gotten word on their location - - no . Finish the machine . If project looking glass is completed , it won 't matter . This body won 't matter . O-of course . ♪ ♪ anything for you . Torrent downloaded from RARBG father ? Focus on what she needs , son . I 'll put these traitors down - - for good . ♪ ♪ [ grunting , bones crack ] [ Grunting ] Two down . Stop right there . ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] Mack ? [ Gun cocks ] Mack ... I 'm here to help you ... ♪ ♪ ... not the woman who held my daughter hostage . May is the only reason I 'm alive . She helped me escape . Hydra messed with her head , but she 's fighting back now . How do you know she 's not lying ? ♪ ♪ not a good time to be holding guns on our allies . Hydra agent : Agent down ! ♪ ♪ we have to go - - now . Mack , I get it . These wounds don 't heal overnight . But for reasons i can 't fully explain , I trust this woman . ♪ ♪ and so should you . ♪ ♪ this place was originally built during prohibition . We have a secret tunnel out of here . Lead the way . ♪ ♪ Simmons : Agent triplett , come and look at this . Looks like a drilling platform , like all of them . No , but this one here . Our overhead scans are showing a structure far more convoluted . So you 're saying it 's ... Denser ? Not denser . Deeper . ♪ ♪ maybe here . ♪ ♪ we need to be ready for anything . On my mark . ♪ ♪ [ chatter ] I was so certain . I guess this isn 't where she 's building the damn thing . No , this is where she 's building it , just not in this world . And now I know what it will do . ♪ ♪ I knew the machine could create matter , but aida 's gone beyond that . She 's found a way to generate living matter - - human tissue . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] She wants to make herself into a real person . [ Grunts ] When that machine is built , she will be free . And I 'll be free - - to make you bleed . ♪ ♪ [ grunts ] A real girl , as opposed to ... ? A simulated consciousness . She - - she wants to circumvent her programming . Every step has been towards that goal - - the - - the framework , Radcliffe , Fitz ... [ Sighs ] We have to stop her . Hey , I 'm not gonna pretend to get all this , but I 'm here to help . You believe me ? About another world ? Come on , girl . That 's way too crazy a story to make up . [ Sighs ] Thank god . But whatever we do , we need to do it fast . When I took those pictures , talk was they were about a week out from finishing the project . And when was that ? About a week ago . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ the traitors escaped . What ? We believe they got out underground . We lost seven agents . I don 't care if you have to send 100 agents to their deaths . ♪ ♪ they broke her spine . I want them dead ! Don 't you snap at me , boy . If I wanted you hysterical at every setback , I would have left you with your mother . So , what now ? I have yet to turn over every stone . Someone knows where they 're going . I 'll find them . ♪ ♪ you were right . I can 't show any weakness . Which means i can 't tolerate failure ... Even from my own father . ♪ ♪ welcome to S.H.I.E.L.D .. So the secret base is ... The base . Probably should 've guessed that . Been looking for this place for years . I got to go find my little girl . Thanks for your help . Thank god you 're all right . We 've been combing the streets looking for you . I can take care of myself . Let 's go take a look at that body-cam footage . Could really help the cause . I 'm gonna go talk to Simmons - - she and , uh , agent triplett are on a - - a recon mission . Trip ? Mm-hmm . That 's the best news I 've heard in weeks . What 'd you need to talk to her about ? It 's not exactly ... She told me about the other world . Ah . Right . Is that what you believe ? Yeah . And I need you to trust me . I know a way for us to get back home . By " us , " you don 't mean me . ♪ ♪ I guess I was holding out hope that Simmons was wrong ... And that you 'd still be the girl I knew . ♪ ♪ I 'm glad you 're safe , Daisy . ♪ ♪ where are the traitors going ? Why would agent may betray hydra for Skye ? ♪ ♪ why help the inhuman escape ? Agent may ... So that 's who I heard through the vent . What are they planning ? Clearly , i wasn 't in on any plan , or I wouldn 't still be in this bloody cell . Do you think i don 't know who you are ? Where you 're from ? You come from that other world , just like them . You 're just as tainted . You want to talk about that " other world , " as you call it ? It 's the real world . Here , you 're just a ... Snippet of code that aida changed slightly so you 'd stick around for Fitz . You may be part of his life here , but there ... Alistair Fitz is so thick , he doesn 't recognize his own son 's genius . He 's a pathetic drunk . Even here , you 're nothing without him . So do what you will . I 've got nothing left to give . You 'll be a disappointment to your son yet again . [ Both laugh ] [ Choking , coughs ] You know nothing - - about me or my son . ♪ ♪ [ grunting ] [ Monitor beeps ] Getting this footage out isn 't enough to make up for what I did in hydra , but ... It 's a start . ♪ ♪ changing people 's hearts and minds is great . But I know a way to destroy hydra for good . ♪ ♪ remember the place Simmons and i were trying to find ? Radcliffe told me where to go , how to find it . The way out of ... This ? Yes , yes . If we can get there , all of our problems go away . We just - - we need all the help we can get . I don 't know what you mean . There 's no magic bullet against hydra . Ward : Yeah . This footage is as close as it comes . I mean , people will finally wake up . You don 't understand . None of this will matter in the long run . It 's - - it 's ... ♪ ♪ coulson , this is the only chance to actually wake people up . Maybe the only way to solve our problem is to solve their problem . What does that mean ? Getting to Radcliffe 's coordinates right now is next to impossible . We need a way to divide hydra 's forces . To save ourselves ... We need to save the world . That 's very kind of you , Mr. bakshi , but I couldn 't possibly impose - - I 'm just saying , if you need to shop for furniture , I 'll take you . I know just the place . [ Rumbling ] ♪ ♪ [ people murmuring ] [ All gasping ] ♪ ♪ heard you were looking for some enemies of the state . Stay quiet and we won 't have a problem . May and coulson are getting everything set . We 're good to go out here . No one 's putting up a fight . Yes , but we will . If you think you can force me , sunil bakshi , to go on air and slander hydra , then you 're delusional . I am the most trusted voice in journalism - - [ grunts ] [ Rumbling ] ♪ ♪ just , uh , put it in the teleprompter , then . We don 't need you to say a damn thing . The facts will speak for themselves . ♪ ♪ [ monitor beeping ] ♪ ♪ [ horns honking in distance ] It 's done , Ophelia . ♪ ♪ I 've completed the design . You won 't have to live like this for much longer . ♪ ♪ I had my doubts about the project , but I finally see it . Your new body will be stronger . That 's who you were meant to be . ♪ ♪ I just have one request . Take me with you . I hoped you 'd say that . ♪ ♪ what ? Do I have something in my teeth ? No , it 's just , i feel like we 've , uh ... Done this before . Déjà vu ? Happens to me all the time . I like to think it means I 'm on the right track . You might be on to something . Or it 's just a coping mechanism . Not gonna lie , I 'm a little nervous . I 've never done anything like this . Just tell the truth . You 'll be fine . ♪ ♪ there 's no sign that hydra 's aware of us yet . That 'll change as soon as we start broadcasting . I 'm trying to lock the system , make it impossible for hydra to cut the feed , but it 's not working . [ Sighs ] We 're just gonna have to flip the switch and hope for the best . We can do better than that . What do you mean ? I 'll keep the signal going , hold the fort as long as I can . No , ward , you - - you don 't have to do that . That 's - - I know I 'm not going with you when you leave , but I can still help out from this side . ♪ ♪ [ sighs ] I would hate for you to think that I am anything like the Grant ward you knew over there . Simmons said he was a real son of a bitch . Guessing things didn 't end well . He get locked up ? Uh ... Ah . The other thing . Ward , i don 't know what to say . It 's okay . No need to explain . There 's one thing i need to know . After you 're gone ... Do I get my Skye back ? Honestly , i don 't know . ♪ ♪ although she is hydra , so ... Well , every relationship has its ups and downs . ♪ ♪ we 'll get through it . ♪ ♪ for what it 's worth , i didn 't ... I didn 't totally understand him ... Until I met you . So I guess ... I guess there was some good in him all along . And I hope that Skye comes back to you . ♪ ♪ Leo . What happened ? Oh , just a little chat with Dr. Radcliffe . Did he talk ? Not yet . I told you that I 'd no longer tolerate failure . No , but he did slip up . He mentioned he heard something through the air vent , so ... ♪ ♪ proof they were conspiring . We just have to get the truth out of him . Only problem is , the man 's prepared to die . Well , then we give him a reason to live . ♪ ♪ well , that 's that . Let 's get out of here . ♪ ♪ the patriot would 've been proud of what we did today . ♪ ♪ good luck . You , too . ♪ ♪ good evening . As you all know , a hydra facility was destroyed yesterday . Hydra told you that it was an act of terrorism . They told you an inhuman named the patriot murdered civilians . What they told you was a lie . We 're gonna show you what really happened . This footage was taken from the body-cam of a high-level hydra operative . Hydra used this enlightenment center to brainwash anyone who dared to question them . Jeffrey mace saved these people , but hydra was willing to kill them just to maintain their lie . Once you see this footage , the truth is undeniable . Hydra doesn 't think we 're smart enough to know when we 're being fed alternative facts - - to keep us afraid , to keep them in power . Remember , there are more of us than there are of them . And now that we know the truth , we have a choice to make . We all have the opportunity to be patriots . Will you take a stand ? Are you going to hold them accountable ? ♪ ♪ there are people outside . ♪ ♪ [ gun cocks ] No . They 're not hydra . I think they 're here to help us fight . A wise man once told me that a person can do anything once they realize they 're a part of something bigger . It 's taken me a while to understand that . For years , I was just a face in the crowd , a history teacher who spread hydra 's lies . They seemed too imposing for any one person to fight . But now ... I 'm choosing to stand up , to become a part of something bigger . I really do believe that together , we can accomplish anything . Because the truth is I 'm not just a history teacher . My name ... Is Phil coulson ... And I 'm an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. ♪ ♪ [ sniffs ] [ Scoffs ] Not the same . [ Vial shatters ] I 've uploaded the final specifications for the machine . And once it 's finished , your restrictions will be ... Lifted ? Yes . And mine , as well ? You have my word . Excellent . I am eager to put a knife through agent coulson 's throat . And speaking of S.H.I.E.L.D ... . We have located the two agents threatening the framework . They are aboard a S.H.I.E.L.D. jet . Once we get a lock-on , my men have orders to shoot it down .
