 Sergeant , you 're going to Earth . There 's a lot riding on you , Gunny . Subtitled by sharkykh Obviously , after the battle and everything , Bobbie kind of , is at a loose end . Her commander 's just let her know that she 's going down to Earth . Which I think she 's not looking forward to , but she understands that she needs to be there to relay the events that she can recall . We mistook a training exercise as an active engagement and opened fire without orders . According to our investigation , it was Private Richard Travis that fired the first shot . He might 've been trying to prove that he was more Martian than Earther . Bobbie has been given a version of this story by her superiors , that has been made very clear is the official version . She recognizes that Earth is pushing to hear the story that 's closer to what she actually experienced , but in that moment , she sees that if she tells them what they wanna hear , she 's actually damaging the Martian side . She makes the choice to back the official version from Mars . It was Travis . He panicked . Bobbie is ... Oh , she 's so hard to explain . The entire arc of the season , you see so many layers of her . Halfway through , when she loses her team , there 's a huge shift in which she becomes extremely vulnerable and not as stoic as she was . They didn 't have to say all that crap about Travis . Why didn 't you tell me they were gonna say that ? Because I knew you 'd react like this . Travis was a good soldier . He died for Mars , and you all just threw him into the goddamn crusher . Frankie Adams has been such a find for us , she 's a really gifted physical actress . You can see in her face that it 's not an easy choice to make , that she really struggles with telling that lie . You 'll be going home soon . Try to focus on that . We 're going to have to impound your ship . Wait . I know you . You 're James Holden . Well , this is off to a good start . Holden , at this point , is doing what he needs to do to get the job done . Miller 's gone , he 's now the only one who 's experienced what happened on Eros . He 's so consumed with making sure it doesn 't happen anywhere else . And now that it breaks out on Ganymede , he freaks out . I know your type . You 're on a crusade . So go save the world , if you think you can . I 'll settle for helping a few of the poor souls who have to live in it . I think you see the real change in him , because even when someone does die on that ship , it doesn 't really matter that much to him . We 've got company ! They were going to kill you . We had to do something . It takes a toll on him . And you see it kind of come out in that jaded , cold way of behaving to get what he needs to get done , done , by the end . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
