 It feels more like a theater crew than a TV show . We spend our weekends hanging out with each other and rehearsing . Our dynamic is very similar to the Roci crew . I really put my foot in that batch . Subtitled by sharkykh I 've been working well over 20 years , 25 years in this business , and I haven 't worked on a television show where we all just say , " Hey , so we 're rehearsing this weekend . " On our own time , we ... You know , make some guacamole and some chips , and we get out there and we eat . And we 're working the script , and working the script . We spend hours to really get our relationships together . Our part is that we make sure we rehearsed , so that if there are certain things in the script that don 't really carry with our characters , our writers are open to changing them , and we all sit together and do that . There were a lot of conversations about the scene that sent Amos on this journey ... Leave my mother alone ! You leave her alone ! They had him being lost by something that didn 't really make sense , and we all got together and he said , " You know ... I don 't think this is enough , " I don 't think this would send Amos on this kind of a journey , " I don 't think this would spiral him out . " And we worked together and he bounced ideas off us ... and we were like , " Yeah , that sound good ... " And so he suggested that to the writers . And in the end , it ended up being him being confronted with this little kid that 's beating on him because he roughed up the mother . And unintentionally , Amos became a bad guy , and none of that was in the script at the beginning . It had awoken this emotion in me that I haven 't felt in years , and I am unable to process it . Hey , where 've you been ? Different places . Yeah ? Well , you missed all the action . I go on this bender and Alex comes and confronts me , because he thinks I 've checked out and I 'm not helping the team anymore . But I 'm really trying to deal with this thing . You gonna give me a hand ? No . No ? Alex is clueless as to what ... The depth of what Amos is actually going through . And because he 's clueless , he provokes Amos to the point where Amos snaps . We help each other . That 's what people do . We help . That 's why we have a civilization . So then why don 't you help your family ? God damn you . You 're gonna throw that in my face ? Oh , Jesus ! Amos ! Amos ! And then he 's suddenly exposed to this dark and dangerous creature . And for the first time he realizes , oh my god , there is something very damaged about this man . Wes is amazing . I mean , it 's always a joy watching him work , because it 's such a tricky character and tone to play . You talk about damaged ... Amos has his horrific history , and it 's broken him to an extent . It gets to a point when it becomes so real to you , that you do have those impulses in the moment . Your problem is the only person you give a shit about is yourself . Isn 't that most people 's problems ? To watch Wes work with all of these subtleties , and he does them so well . You know , just as someone within a scene with him , it gives such a tremendous amount of power to the other actor as well . In his eyes , I get to see a flash of Amos ' real soul . Cas is a really good actor , and he can absorb that information and use ... and that energy , and use it in the scene , and use it for his reaction . But we were just , we wanted to work really hard , as something honest , something truthful happening in that moment . What happened to you ? Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
