 You belong with me . Just reading it on the page , it was my favorite scene of the whole season . It 's just heartbreaking . I don 't think there would be a dry eye in the house with Miller and Julie descending into Venus . Subtitled by sharkykh Losing Thomas Jane , boy ... It was hard , and emotional , and ... He , in many ways , became the heart and soul of this show , with his first movement . Miller 's arc is really at the core of it . Yeah ... I missed you , too . Julie and Miller 's story is very similar to what it is in the book . When Hawk and I first read " Leviathan Wakes " and we got to the scene where Miller understands what his whole life was about . We read it , I mean , just weeping in tears . You know , I don 't read books and start weeping . He finally finds a cause . He finally finds something that he can believe in . He sees this woman who is everything he should have been , and is shamed by it , and his reaction is ... Maybe I can save her . Crawl in there and blow up the thing that ate Julie ? I think it 's the best bad idea I 've heard all day . I think it is a redemption within Holden dies , because he sees a man who ... be so jaded ... Miller ? What the hell 's happening down there ? Stop chasing Eros ! I can 't do that ! Tap the brakes , then , asshole ! He 's just looking for his girl , and he concisely does the right thing for everyone else . I think that the poetry in that , is that finding something to believe in within his kind of concept of Julie , allows him to realize his larger humanity . And that 's something that Holden not only respects , but aspires to . It 's all on you now , Miller . There are a lot of reasons for him to question his own reception of what 's going on . At some point it just becomes impossible to ignore that there 's something of her still in the station . Julie Mao 's dead . We both saw her . She 's the seed crystal . Mark Fergus has always talked about that particular scene as the entire reason he wanted to do the series and the books . It is a beautiful ending of a very long , redemptive arc , and a romantic journey for Miller . When he finally meets Julie , it 's in this particular state . You need to wake up now , kid . The protomolecule in episode five of the second season , the way we 've conceived it , is it has completely engulfed the asteroid Eros , centralized around Julie Mao , who we last saw in season one as a dead body . And when Miller , after his journey , gets into her room , is that the protomolecule is effectively exaulting her , it 's almost an altar . In the description in the scripts , we went with this sort of almost like a temple , that has been built around her . That she is the center of the hive , of this thing that 's being built , and that she 's in this place that is almost reverent . When we read it , we decided that we really wanted to do this series . It was such an amazing and beautiful end to this strange love story between Miller and Julie Mao . And this was really the climax of it , and the great kind of self-sacrificial end , so we really wanted to get it right . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
