 Subtitled by sharkykh Yeah , so , the attack on Ganymede ... We made a choice that was different from the book . In the book , we actually see the entire event , from Bobbie 's perspective right up to the point where the monster explodes and she 's knocked unconscious and wakes up in an hospital . Sergeant Draper . Gunny , I 'm sorry to be the one to tell you , but no one from your team made it . In conceptualizing all of this , a lot of the discussion was about how much do we show , how do we show it . We shot it much more as , almost like a horror story . Where you see glimpses of something , you see things happening too quickly to really track . It 's great that they get to explore flashbacks after that battle scene , so that everyone can see , as Bobbie 's remembering , how it actually panned out . Bobbie 's memory of it is very choppy because of the physical trauma that she 's gone through . And then , what we can do throughout the rest of the season is we can reveal more , and more , and more , as Bobbie comes to a more clear understanding of what happened to her . And really starts to remember all of the things that happened . - It didn 't make sense . - Sounds like you 're saying Earth initiated the attack . That ... That 's what I 'm saying . Yes . She 's very afraid to lose her status as a soldier . 'Cause to her , that 's her whole identity as being a Marine , and she doesn 't want to jeopardize that by telling them something impossible happened down there . In episode seven she does decide to lie , because ... It 's almost like she knows she 's doing it , but she 's also like ... I 'm doing this right now , until I figure out what 's really going on , because there 's something sneaky happening around that episode ... When I get there ? Sergeant ... you are going to Earth . I wanted to thank you for your words earlier . You 've inspired the Belt . I was so excited when he was on the show last season , but I didn 't have any scenes with him , so ... When it was like , " You 're gonna have scenes with Jared Harris ... " I was like ... Yeah , okay , cool , cool ... Aahh ! Just super excited ! Beratna ! Ah well , I tried ... To have him come in to our world , and come and talk to Holden and I ... I mean , it was just ... Yeah , it wasn 't much acting required , 'cause he 's got a huge presence , and he plays Dawes just incredibly well . And as a person , he 's wonderful , it was just a pleasure having him on the show . I didn 't say it was the whole story . Just the useful part . Anderson Dawes is always the true Belter . He 's the guy whose only real agenda is his people . I would be honored to represent the Belt . His view of the larger playing field is informed by this really deep loyalty , and this profound agenda ... That is not the way of the Belt . of putting Belters and his people into their proper place . " And those that will not share ... " Welwalla ! Welawalla ! If that 's at the expense of the other side , that 's why it 's called the other side . We must protect ourselves against these weapons . We must find out what it was ! Because Dawes for Belters is like The Robin Hood , for her being confronted with Dawes the way she is ... This is like a celebrity in the Belt community . I have a feeling Fred and Dawes have a history . Which is why you should have stayed out of it . Fred needed back up . I couldn 't just sit there . That was OPA business . Fred has plenty of supporters . But not ones who were on Eros . Do you know what everyone saw in there ? Do you know what Anderson Dawes saw in there ? We think of it perhaps as the IRA . You have the militant wing of the IRA and you have the diplomatic wing of the IRA . They see us as their possessions . Actually the gangs in Chicago in the ' 20s ... Where we have somebody who was a criminal and responsible for many number of murders and running a criminal organization , empire ... And also , you know , gave out candy to the kids and made sure the neighborhoods he controlled were safe . Al Capone was a very complicated person . Johnson says that we are safe . And if you look at Anderson Dawes and Al Capone , they have a lot in common . Assistant Director of Operations . From what people tell me , you 're the one really running things around here . Come on . If we are going to reminisce , let 's at least get a drink , huh ? Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
