 It 's done . Yeah ... It 's done . I just loved it , and I was just like ... I remember reading it and being like , Oh my god , Naomi ... I 'm not sure I would have done that myself . But cool , girl , I 'm with you ! Subtitled by sharkykh When it came to the more personal stuff in this season , I stopped reading the books , 'cause I was just like ... I just wanna be surprised every time I open the script and read scenes . And that 's what happened , which was so much fun for me . Do you seriously believe we 've got the only remaining sample in the system ? We just might . We are this close to getting rid of it , once and for all . We should kill it . Drive it into the goddamn sun . Everything that Naomi 's kind of preached about , in a way , and tried to keep these men from turning into , she 's almost doing it herself . And so , for me it was such a core and human flaw that she had . That she went off her own bat , and decided that this was what was gonna be right for everyone . Almost in a kind of dictatory , terrorist almost , way . She doesn 't think that it 's possible to put the genie back in the bottle . Maybe it is a good idea to throw it into the sun and get rid of it , but she doesn 't believe that that 's possible to get rid of all of it . And if you can 't get rid of all of it , then maybe everybody should have it , because that 's the only way to ensure that everybody is on an equal playing field . And that bad things happen when one side feels much stronger than the other . She 's got a good argument . I mean , everybody has a good argument . But , that 's her argument , and that 's why she keeps it . Belters have to help each other . No one else will . What affects her is , she becomes so angry with the injustice against her Belters and her people , that it just spurs her into this almost terrorist mind-set of the ... What she 's saying , having the protomolecule , maybe going towards violence , is the way to stop Belters being the bottom of this chain , and it was very interesting to play and dip into that a little bit . Solomon Epstein is a story that was included in a short story collection that Naren Shankar , our show-runner had read and he fell in love with it . Solomon Epstein invented a new engine that would allow humans to move around the solar system . And he didn 't know where it was gonna take us , and in fact , he dies in the process of inventing it . But he knows it 's gonna change everything , and he just doesn 't know how . Then we cut to Bobbie , and the situation down on Ganymede , and here 's this new technology coming along , this ... this hybrid monster , created with the protomolecule , that kills everyone that it comes in contact with . And here 's a new technology , and we don 't know where it 's gonna take us . We don 't know what it 's gonna mean for the future . They 're talking about the same thing . It just felt like there was just too many reasons to include it . It 's the Martian history , it 's the story of technology , and the unintended consequences of it . It just fits perfectly into that Bobbie narrative . When we were on Ganymede , that was a big episode for us because , obviously , that 's when the troops die , and some things start to unravel and she starts to find things out , that eventually become a huge part of the storyline for the rest of the season . The special effects , it 's tough because I had to be on my back , and on my visor , they just kind of let me know like , whereabouts I could look . Luckily the director could speak during that scene , so he 'd be like " Uh , can you move your eyes to the right a little bit ... " And now he 's getting closer ... " And now he 's going away ... " And so it was just so that I knew when to kind of , you know , play the ... different feelings of like " What is this ? " and , " Oh my god , now I 'm terrified , " and whatnot . The Ganymede monster has gone through several iterations and designs . So there 's a lot of stuff going into the design of it , but it has to feel like the thing from the book . But it also has to feel like something that fits in the visual style of the show . It hasn 't been easy , but I think we 've landed on something that ... We we 're like " I can 't wait to see it actually animated . " Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
