 Subtitled by sharkykh Prax has lost his little girl . Usually , it takes Amos a very long time to really connect with somebody , but he connects with Prax right away because he admires his mission . Holden and Naomi , they 're not like me . They 're better . I 'll watch your back , but they 'll find your little girl . His connection to kids and wanting to protect them is the quickest way to him . His worst fear is to become the people that abused him when he was younger . Are you done ? And that 's around every corner because he can so easily become that guy . Ah , in that case ... One scene that I thought was very powerful to play ... And this is the first time Amos is violent , and attacks someone with real emotion , with real anger . Amos , no ! Stop ! Amos ! Before , it was just functional ... It was just ... It made sense . This guy needs to go . He 's a threat , he 's gotta go . I 'm just gonna put this below . This one , he wants to hurt this guy . Stop it ! He can 't find Mei if you bash his head in ! What 's wrong with you ? And ... I thought it was different , and to be able to show that difference in violence ... I thought it was a very powerful scene . Are you gonna help us ? Absolutely . I find little girl . Pro Bono . I wanted viewers to see this very overstressed , very overtaxed , very full Earth , through Bobbie 's eyes . I wanted this to be that moment of Bobbie coming into this place where she 's really seeing Earth for the first time . Excuse me . Do you know the fastest way to the ocean ? And it 's more complicated than she would 've been prepared for . The whole ocean thing for Bobbie is really special , because she really craves the nature side of Earth . When we shot that though , the beach that we shot it was so dirty . That was hilarious , yeah ... It kind of like , had this funny smell to it because of the algae , but ... You know , I was willing to feet in it just for the shot . It was so important for the shot . You know , they came up to me and said , " Would you be okay with putting your feet in there , that 's really gross ... " I was like , " Of course ! " , because anyone that 's seeing the ocean for the first time , it 's so special and I think feeling it is really important . Is it everything you thought it would be ? You take it for granted . ♪ Did you ever see ♪ ♪ A robin weep ♪ I had a lot of fun this year . There 's a couple of scene where I got to do some stuff alone on the Roci . ♪ The will to live ♪ I 'm singing Hank Williams and drinking beer ... I got to use the entire ship for that scene , and I got to do this amazing zero gravity kind of somersault cartwheel thing . Where he 's going after the beer that he threw through the air in zero gravity and catch it . It was a lot of fun . ♪ The moon just went ♪ ♪ behind the clouds ♪ ♪ To hide its face ... ♪ Whoo ! Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
