 - It 's covered . - Your ship 's a rust-bucket . If you want to get out of here , and help these people , you need me . You people are shit-magnets ... Subtitled by sharkykh Episode twelve was epic , and ... Everybody back ! One of the most emotional episodes for Naomi . It was tough to shoot , and really heavy on me , actually . But , I feel like it served the work that I 've been doing over the course of the season . Naomi , get ready to push . There 's nothing we can do now . I feel like what 's human about the situation in that episode is that there is a casualty of her wanting to do good , and it happens to be Amos . Naomi , What are you doing ? We need to be strapped in , now . People are scared . A lot of them are going to die . Those people will kill you . Let go of me ! Let go ! Her stabbing him with the anesthetic needle , to get him off of her is just ... He receives the brunt of her frustration , which is horrible . Because I love Wes as a person , and I love Amos ' character . And to see her do that kind of 180 on him ... was harsh , but also ... it 's the casualty of the good she 'd done . Listen to me ! Please ! You ! You beltalowda ! Letting your own die out here ! Me being held by my neck up the wall ... was awful . But it felt like we were doing some great , heavy-hitting stuff that I hope will land with the people watching , and will really solidify Naomi 's journey . You 're not finished yet . I 'm gonna back us up and ease us out . No , you 're not . Keep going . Alright , you wanna talk about this for a second ? Not really . Okay . I get why this might be kinda personal for you ... Good . So let 's not over-think it . I think Alex really understands what Holden 's going through . I think he really understands , and he sees the cracks starting to form in Holden , being caused by his guilt and his relentless drive to make good , and redeem himself , and it concerns Alex . Damn it , we lost it ! Alex , give me a full 360 ! - We cannot maneuver here . - Do it ! Holden and I really get to do some really fun , back-and-forth , where he 's pushing , pushing , pushing , and Alex is like , " Woah , Woah , Woah , Woah ... " I 'm with you , boss . " But let 's just gear down a little bit , let 's do this right . " And ... He 's like , " Screw that , let 's just go , I gotta get this done . " We 're not going anywhere till that thing is dead . Are you insane ? We are in a Martian no-fly zone and their Black Ops ship just got blown to hell ! The second the Somnambulist sticks its head outta the station it 's gonna get lit up ! And you really see that difference , and that clash of personalities . That makes the latter part of the season really , really exciting . Especially how it starts , where ... Alex is obsessed , Alex is driven , Alex is trying to redeem himself for what he 's lost , and what he feels he didn 't do . And Holden is trying to help him along . And our family needs our help right now . And then they switch roles , as season two progresses . And it gets pretty heated . Ha-ha ! I got it . I got it . I really like that dynamic that we have . She 's bristling . Give me an open channel . Oh , man . Here we go again . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
