 There was definitely some ... some sexual tension there . There 's definitely some attraction there . Just skip over the whole " Will they , won 't they . " You just never see that , let 's just do that . Let 's just make them grown-ups . Subtitled by sharkykh Not too shabby , right ? I figured we 'd order a lot of room service . It 's unsustainable . Because , if you play the " Will they , won 't they " card you wind up with ... Either they do and the story 's over , or they don 't , and the audience grows frustrated waiting for it to happen . We really are starting to see Holden and Naomi 's relationship . They are together now , but they 're both very strong-willed individuals . So , even right there at the start of the relationship , they have strong opinions , they don 't agree on everything . Let it go . We fought for nothing . People died . We nearly died . They 've had this shared experience that 's so extraordinary , and crazy , and awful in many ways . You waited . And then Holden and Naomi really come together less out of want , and more out of need . I need us to be okay . We 're fine . And they still clash quite a bit over what the leadership of the ship should be , and what they should do . But I do know we need to do something . We 'll do it together . I think it 's very much her kind of arc for this season . She 's conflicted about where her loyalties lie , and who she should kind of side with . She 's very much romantically involved with Holden , and she 's not sure where she really stands with Amos . And then , there 's a new person , there 's Miller on the ship , and I think that 's probably who she feels most connected to in that moment . What kind of pathetic Belters are we ? Naomi grew up in the belt , so she has a much clearer understanding of who Miller is , as a person . Then we need to stick together . What he 's going through , and the things that he 's feeling ... and why he shot Dresden . I think after what happened on Eros , it 's devastating for all of them in their own way . But those were her people , those were Belters that suffered , and so it 's throwing Naomi into this new kind of allegiance with her people . Pashang , yeah ! Naomi didn 't actually identify as a Belter . She 's kinda turned her back on that . Through Miller , she also begins her self-identification as a Belter . Yam seng . When she actually has a nice moment with Drummer , where she finds sort of like another person to just kind of throw herself , and forget about the battle and sort of the near brushes with death . It 's her way of dealing with almost dying . All of these things together , and you 'll see stuff going on forward , are conspiring to bring out that inner Belter in Naomi . And really define some profoundly consequential choices that she makes later on in the season . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
