 You didn 't even try to stop me from bashing that kid 's head in . You 've taught me a lot about futility . Nah . I think I just beat you to it . Subtitled by sharkykh We 're seeing Holden going into progressively darker , and darker , and darker , and darker places , where that sense of solving things through unilateral violence is something that he really has picked up from Miller , he really has internalized . And he really is working through and seeing not just what it allows him to do , but also how it fails . And he 's gonna find out what it costs him . I think my favorite scene that I shot this season is where Holden essentially watches this " Dr. Mengele " lady die . Feeling kind of good about it . What were you doing with the protomolecule ? She 's dying and she 's with an arms reach of a first-aid kit . Help me and I 'll tell you . Answer me ! He just pushes it away , and watches her die . Because he feels like she deserves it . You used the protomolecule on children . You kind of see the combination of Holden 's darkness , and those are steps you can 't take back and each one traumatizes him . He 's trying to make the right decisions , and a lot of the times it causes this unbelievable damage to people around him and he just can 't win . I 'm not going with you . What ? She is sick of watching Holden turn into this obsessive maniac . And I 'm gonna help Melissa get as many people off this station as we can before it dies . She walks away from her love and goes and tries to help . I wanted to believe we could stop this . We can 't . She 's tried shutting her eyes and putting her head in the sand , and the world didn 't let her do that . This is her having to follow her conscience into a place that may lose her some more stuff that 's really important to her . It 's been a while since Strickland brought your daughter down here . I know . Look , I know exactly how much time 's passed . You need to be ready . - In case ... - In case we don 't find her ? Look , you haven 't lost a child . Yes , I have . I think her revealing that to Prax in episode eleven is for support . My baby was taken from me . She doesn 't know if he 's still out there , she doesn 't know if he 's dead . and I tried and I tried to find him and I failed . It took me a very long time to understand that it wasn 't my fault . Naomi 's arc is just so cool and unexpected in this season . Yeah , it 's ... It 's been great . You won 't be going back to parade , Bobbie , because you don 't follow orders . And a soldier follows orders . Episode eleven was my favorite , I think . - Because it 's nice to use my ... - You 're not a soldier anymore . Natural athleticism to help Bobbie 's journey . Dismissed . They had to give me the punching scenes . I 've done some fighting before . Not on the streets or anything like that . What killed my team ? There 's literally like a moment where I punch him in the face like , five or six times in a row . Obviously , it 's all about the angles and how you cheat it . We 're not punching Peter Outerbridge in the face for real . Were you testing a weapon on us ? On your own soldiers ? It 's the moment where Bobbie places all the pieces of the puzzle together and finds out , unfortunately , that it 's actually Mars that has betrayed her , and Mars was responsible for killing her team . And it sucks , because she 's been so patriotic her entire life . You watched that thing slaughter my team . We were a God damn sales demo . It 's just something that just ended up biting her in the end . And that I think everyone would just be totally rooting for her in that moment . You there ! That 's her ! Stop ! - Stop or we 'll shoot ! - No , no ! We 're not authorized ! Martian , you are on UN soil . I am Gunnery Sergeant Roberta Draper , Martian Marine Corps . I am requesting political asylum on Earth . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
