 Project Connection : A planetary operation to build two machines in our planet 's orbit . Known simple as Machine I and Machine II . Objective : To form a link with the nearest planet believed to have intelligent life . The mission : 60 years ago Machine II was sent across our galaxy towards the chosen planet . The unmanned voyage across 20 light years of space was completely autonomous . Once Machine II arrives in orbit the machines will connect enabling instant transport between the two planets . Today is connection day . Flight A : An unmanned probe successfully tested the connection and gathered basic data . Flight B : Next a manned mission will orbit the planet twice and reconnoiter before returning . We are just checking the last data packet . We 've confirmed those trajectories , we just have one more maneuver to issue . Recommending one more correction of 24.0 and 3.5 degrees . Confirmed . Twenty-four degrees positive pitch plus red 3.5 . Correct . Okay , begin burn on my count . On five , four , ignition ready two , one , begin . Burning . Eighty-six 87 89 93 97 101 105 107 109 ... Great , we can confirm you have a lock with entrance . Ten second countdown to machine engagement on my mark . Mark . Eight , seven six , five four , three two , one . What 's happening , is there a problem ? Is there a problem ? Negative , the link is being confirmed , and we are clear for transit . Okay , we have received your final package and cleared you for control . Launch when ready . Captain James to Com 1 . First transmission from E581 . There was a problem on arrival and I 've crash-landed on the planet . From what I 've seen so far , it isn 't what we expected it 's barren and there 's no sign of intelligent life . I have enough food and water to last me five days . With the communications delay , I expect to hear from you within three hours . Shit ! Fucking hell ! For ... Come on , where are you ? Captain James to Com 1 . I 've been on E581 now for almost 24 hours and I 've still had no communications from you . Hopefully , it 's a problem with my equipment and you 've already got a rescue on the way . I have lost my water supply so today I have to find another source or there will be no one to rescue . I will continue to send my reports . Water . They 're hunting . Shit . No one 's coming for me . James to Com 1 . Things are looking a bit desperate down here . I 've had no contact from you , and I 'm down to three rations . I 've had to start thinking about a backup plan . I have seen that there is intelligent life here and they have machines . And if they have machines , then maybe they can get me back into orbit . Right now they 're my only hope of getting home . I get it , you want this . Captain James to Com 1 . I 've found something , some kind of a container . The entire thing is covered in alien language . They moved underground . We need to find your owners . Where the fuck are you going ? He 's going home . Captain James to Com 1 . The surface of this planet has suffered from a devastating war . I believe the machines are serving their creators who are sheltering beneath the surface . I hope soon to make contact and with a little luck make use of them and their technology to get me home . Let 's see where you 're going to take me . Why have we stopped ? Are we here ? Nah , this ain 't it . Get in here ! Get in here now ! Fuck ! Damn it ! Come on ! Trapped . Com 1 to Captain James . We have received your transmissions but we are having communication issues it appears the Machine insertion orbit is highly irregular and we are having trouble locking on . We would like to get you back up there as soon as possible . Is your situation still the same ? We are not able to send a rescue party until we can determine the cause of the problems . Hang in there . Attention . Automatic systems override . Warning . Chemical weapon detected . Attention . Automatic systems override . They 're all dead . How do I get home now ? What did you do ? What did you do ? Why ? Why ? Why did you do it ? Com 1 to Captain James . One other thing , it seems that there was a big calculation error at our end which means the machine arrived much too early . It 's been there for five solar orbits . No . You had it all wrong . It can 't be , you 're kidding me . I 've just got to get on . There 's no going back now .
