 It 's digging into the bulkhead . Why ? The protomolecule feeds on radiation . That thing 's trying to get to the reactor . If it punctures the chamber ... We 're more or less - ----- . Subtitled by sharkykh The great thing about episode thirteen ... Everything that happens in the episode , happens almost in the span of minutes , or maybe hours . It 's running out of time , running out of options , and trying to find a way out of it . Is there a plan B ? Yeah . Make sure plan A works . We really get to see the crew coming together to solve an incredible problem , and doing that in the context of where they 've come emotionally , and in their relationships to each other . At the end of season two , you see the very beginnings of Holden actually becoming a secure leader . This is about redeeming himself , when he lets that go . That allows him to actually become the leader that the people around him need him to be . Amos ! Fall back ! Amos , you 're losing air . You need to get out of here now . Get out of here ! You 're no good to anyone dead . I think Amos makes the decision there , that he 'll do whatever it takes to protect the ship , to protect the rest of his family . He knows that he is willing to sacrifice Holden for this ship . In case I have to kill you , I just wanted to say thanks . You made some pretty stupid choices since you 've been in charge , but you were always trying to do the right thing . Did you kill that thing from the lab ? No . And it doesn 't matter . I almost traded your lives to do it . This does not sound like the man I walked away from on Ganymede . It won 't happen again . In episode thirteen , it 's the first time she sees him come a little bit back towards the light , from why she leaves him . She feels like she has to let him know . I have something I need to say to you . I think it 's been eating away at her , and I think she realizes that she can 't be so righteous in her own right with him about honesty , and having them secrets , and then having one herself . Earth has it . Mars has it . And the Belt needs it , too . I didn 't destroy our sample . The idea of keeping the protomolecule and the power that it represents , is an acknowledgment that the genie is out of the bottle . That this is a thing in the world now . Not just for her , and for Holden , and for the Rocinante , but for everybody . Naomi . What did you do ? It absolutely is creating another wedge between her and Holden . This is a big choice that she makes , because everybody else on this ship is in agreement . I gave the protomolecule to Fred Johnson . We just picked up a massive EM uptick . I think the crater is moving . The first time I read " Caliban 's War " , I felt like this was the perfect place to end season two , with this image , because I just thought it was incredible , that the Arboghast is literally pulled apart , like a technical drawing , and these people were inside it , just dying . It 's just a shockingly cool image . And when were able to tie it together to the other elements in this show , it felt like the right place to end season two . Hey YouTube , thanks for watching . Make sure you visit our YouTube channel here .
