 # Requiem aeternam dona eis , Domine # Requiem aeternam dona eis , Domine # Et lux perpetua luceat ei # Requiem aeternam dona eis , Domine ♪ Et lux perpetua luceat ei . ♪ At last . I needed room for thought to breathe . My life has been a lingering for the throne . Sometimes I must confess I imagined if my mother happ 'ed to die before her time - a helicopter crash , a rare disease . So , at an early age , I 'd be in charge . Before me , years of constant , stable rule ... .. but I am better thoughtful Prince than King . Potential holds appeal , since in its castle walls one is protected from the awful shame of failure . My wond 'rous Charles , you did her proud , for , as she would have liked , you never showed your pain . My whole existence has , like most of us , been built upon the ones who gave me birth . And now they 're gone . That 's it . First Dad . Now Mum . I 'm alone . Except for me . Ah , you 're radiant . 'Tis your gift , my dear , it 's what you 've brought to us - a sense of fashion . Better hair , as well . I never thought I 'd see her pass away . I felt the same . How are you , Dad ? For soon , at last , you will be King . Not soon . Three months . Your father rules today . I thought the coronation marked the change . Well , you 're right - officially , that is the case . But Britain cannot stand without a king or queen for all the months it takes to organise a coronation . But surely , constitutionally speaking ... Oh sweet , my dear , we have no constitution . Instead tradition holds us to account . Tradition , then ... Tradition holds that on the death of kings , or Queens , the next is monarch straight away . Your father ruled the moment granny passed . I might head off . If that 's OK . Why ? Headache . You really have to go ? It 's not ... I mean , the whole ... I can 't deal with all the chat . The people . It 's important , Harry . Yeah - the headache , though . We 'll go and mingle with the crowds . A single round should be sufficient , then we 're at the palace , yes ? But , Dad , you 're shaken up . Perhaps we should take time to talk ? I 'm sorry , it must wait - James wants us now . The Prime Minister 's waiting . We 'll see you later on . All right . Prime Minister . Sincere condolences upon your loss . A loss , I think , that all her subjects share . Of course . We miss our Queen . Your Majesty may not recall - we did decide for public reassurance that you would leave with Mr Evans at your side , the Crown and State , Prime Minister and King . Ah ... Now we 're here , I feel instead that I should remain ... aloft from politics , and walk with royals alone . I 'm sure Prime Minister will understand . Of course . I 'll go right now and ... clear the way . Such equal billing was a joy when Prince . To share the stage did spread attention out - but now I 'll rise to how things have to be . The Queen is dead , long live the King . That 's me . Blow Your Mind by Dua Lipa Come on , mate , it 's better than moping about , eh ? There 's a whole world of opportunity right there . Yeah . 'sup , G ? You look like you 've been raped by Primark . Yeah , I had to blend in . Thought I 'd bag you a bona fide commoner as a surprise . She 'll be here in a minute . She 's , erm , distinctive . You should take your mind off things , you could , er ... Coots ! .. do a pleb . Yeah . Knob a prole . Look , I 'm not in the mood . Approach a subject from a different angle , yeah ? Here she is ! Jessica ! You 're not joking , then . Invictus himself ! Er , yeah , look ... So is Charles really your dad ? Or was it the other one ? The other one ? Hewlitt . Hewitt . Cos you 're very ginger . If you haven 't done a test yet , then maybe you should , cos if Hewlitt was your dad instead , you 'd be out of the family , wouldn 't you ? Er , what ? Free of it at last . Free of it ? ! Dear , oh , dear . And why - why would I want to be free of it ? Cos you hate it . Don 't you ? No . Not a clue ! He seriously doesn 't , darling . Yeah . Ever since you left the army , it 's been all schmooze , Africa , sport . Very worthy but it screams lack of direction - and clearly , you hope it 'll make you happy . But it doesn 't . Does it ? You 're part of this big thing , but you don 't get anything back . Just the drunken uncle . It 's a trap for you , isn 't it ? Your family . Er , what-what should I do , then ? I think it 's time for you to tap out , darling . No , no , Coottsey ... Spencer . Someone wants you at the bar . Mate , you realise she 's probably a socialist ? No , no . Come on . Not wanted ! So ? What-What should I do ? You really want to know ? Shall I be mother ? Thank you , yes , that 's kind . Good then , erm , how shall we begin ? Er , today I thought we might commence by talking of a bill about to land upon your desk that seeks the royal approval . Yes ? What bill do you mean ? To limit future growth and mass expanse of runways . What environmental checks ... You must excuse me , much as this wants our attention , I had assumed we 'd start with , erm , something else . Well , of course . Whichever subject you would like . Your bill concerning privacy , which sets restriction on the freedom of the press . The regulation of the press we feel is overdue ... Yes - I 've , er , read the bill . Well , erm ... Good . You like this law ? I absolutely do . You yourself must know the lasting wounds the press inflict . Unproven accusations , photographs obtained by theft , are daily 'splayed as front page news . You do not think a principle is here at stake ? There 's something vital to our sense of freedom is being risked . Your Majesty , of course I understand that view , and have myself considered where the balance lay , but there is opinion that something must be done . The law is what your people want . They want the leaders they elected standing up and making choices they themselves cannot . They pay their taxes well , so we - or you - may take the time to study hard and make the right decision on the day . I know . I have - and this is what we think . I have to say it does surprise that with the great intrusion they have made into your life , you 'd have them left untouched like this . What of the pack of wolves that mercilessly did hunt to death your late and much missed wife ? That 's bold . So soon in our relationship . What 's bold ? To utilise Diana . I 'm sorry . But , in fact , it 's rare to have to justify the passing of a law like this . I would have thought of all the victims , you 'd feel the strongest something must be done . As a man , a father , husband , yes , I do . But that 's not who we are when sat with you in here . Not just am I defender of the faith , but in addition I protect this country 's unique force and way of life . Politically our sway and influence are in decline but still we demonstrate the way a just society should work - judiciary , democracy and more - a low corruption rate . All those who hold the strings held to account themselves in turn . Your Majesty - thanks . I understand and say I will , if opportunity transpires , make sure I take your views into account . Perhaps we should move on to other things . It is the law on privacy that holds concern . And so I ask you tell me what , as my Prime Minister , you do intend . The law is made , and passed . It is too late . My views , to you , mean nothing , then ? Your views mean much , but on this subject , yes . I disagree . The public vote to choose the members of their parliament , and that 's where decisions will be made . Not in this room between the two of us . Then our weekly meeting 's done . I should apologise if I 've caused offence - I simply wanted to explain my view . And so you have . We 'll meet next week . You recognise my guest . Mr Evans . I reasoned thus - in case there did arise an accusation that my vision here of left and right was being tilted out of proper balance , I will from now on make sure each week I have the usual half an hour with my good Prime Minister , but then give equal time for Leader of the Opposition , too . Mr Evans is a man of principle . But he does not like me , and has made explicit that he will not change a single thing in light of what I say . And if this is the case , then , erm , what am I ? My mother gained respect from what she 'd seen . The Blitz ... She sat with Churchill , and met all the most important figures of her years . But what am I ? It may not be too late to stop the law . But when I sign the bill ... If you sign the bill . For surely that requirement remains your choice . A ceremonial right , not one to use . I hate to differ , but I think this strikes the heart of why we have a Queen - or King . They are the check and balance of our land . I 've long believed that we could never see a Nazi party making British laws because the reigning monarch then would stand his ground and , being head of state , refuse to sign - refuse to let the country lose democracy , and , doing so , provoke revolt . It 's not our place . Would do more harm than good . Then not important . Write your name in ink , and un-amended let it into law . Thank you , er , Mrs Stevens . Your Majesty . # I who have died am alive again # Today ♪ This is the birth day of life and wings . ♪ Hey , you 're lucky - she doesn 't usually put out much . Oh , yeah , actually we , we haven 't done anything like that , just went out , had fun , so ... Yeah ! All right , too late for tea . Got a seminar . Right . Good to meet you . I 'm Robert . Bob . What 's your name ? Harry . Harry . Right . Bye . Hey ! Erm , I was just ... making some tea . Er , I 'll , er , get the milk . You all right ? Yeah , great . Really great . God , can you believe it ? What ? Everything we did last night . Wetherspoons . Bowling . Dans Le Noir . The restaurant where you eat in the pitch black ! They thought I was an estate agent . This whole life ! I want more . No-one 's stopping you . A night , yeah , but I can 't do this with my life ! Why not ? It 's not what I was born into . Then change it . The world you were born into was paid for by those people in Wetherspoons . You take money from their hard work and you spend it on planes , and palaces , and , in your case , flights to Las Vegas . It 's not your money to spend . Have you been to Las Vegas ? It looks boring . Yeah ! Yeah , it is , actually . My mate Dee , she had her baby in this crap hospital . Shared ward , pissed-off midwife , 20 mums . She puts on the TV , and what does she see ? Kate , your sister-in-law , with her perfect baby , outside her private hospital . Dee was like , " I paid for that . My taxes . " You 're very beautiful . Don 't patronise me - listen to what I 'm saying . I am - I know what you 're saying , and I agree with it , but I 'm adding , in addition , that you 're beautiful , as well . You know Bob wants nothing less than the abolition of the monarchy . Yeah , well , he should be more open minded . Well , imagine what he 'd say if I got off with you . Do you want to ? What ? Get off with me ? Harry , I hate everything you stand for . Yeah , I know . Right , then . Yeah . It 's , it 's just , you really look like you want to kiss me . Yeah , well , I don 't . This is a mistake . Forgot his keys , probably . Wait , wait ! Yes ? Your Highness . Oh . Apologies for interrupting . James Cadbury Reiss , press advisor to the palace . May I ? This is Jessica . Hi . Charmed . Your Highness . Your grandmother , the Queen , recently passed away . The country 's in a position very few people have experienced before . This is perhaps the most unstable moment the royal family will face . So ... ? So , perhaps a conversation should be had about ... .. timing . Your security are waiting outside . Goodbye . Wow . That , there , is why I 'm never getting off with you again . Yeah . I understand . Can I call you ? Yeah . It 's good of you to come and see us here . It 's so important that we meet like this . Especially now . That as a family we have this time to talk . Excuse me . When offered what he 's wanted for so long , I thought Dad would seize the moment and renew , to go greet the people . Instead , he stays inside , just reading books and bills . It isn 't what I 'd hoped . Then why not talk to him ? Oh , Lord . Oh ... you 're William and Kate . They said I was to wait here and soon the King would join . They didn 't mention you were settled here , as well . I 'll , erm ... I 'll quickly go sit elsewhere . But , sir - you look so pale , distraught , you must sit down . I 'd rather that than have you faint . You 're kind to me . So sudden ? What 's the cause ? You will forgive me if I do not give detail of my conference . It is a matter of some ... delicacy . But if it causes such distress ... ? Of course , we understand , and will not press on you . Perhaps some water ? Thanks . Must be something virulent indeed that does affect the King as strongly as Prime Minister . Perhaps it is an illness passing round ? No illness , Duchess , no , a matter that need only trouble him and I for now . Please tell me what . Perhaps I might ... relieve the harshness of this mystery sore . In reading here , you mustn 't tell a soul what 's written - or not written - by the King . Dear Mr Evans , water , fetched and got by careful hand of Prince of Wales . Thank you . But , Kate , what on that paper makes that look which from experience I know tends doom and fury from your normally soft and poised face ? I take it this is not a fake ? It 's not ... for Charles has marked it there himself , and I as people 's leader come to say this will not stand . He must allow this bill to pass , both signed and unamended . But , William , why would your father interfere so crassly in the affairs of state ? My husband , what say you ? Nothing . Say more , for nothing comes of nothing said . My father 's King . He may have reason that we do not know or understand , as yet - but we , as son and daughter of the Crown , will only give support , and leave dispute to those who have a stake in what is being argued on . Well , you have a stake . Much more than most . We will depart , allowing you to talk . The opposition with me agreed that , even though they did not want this bill , and would not have it law ... You 've talked to Mrs Stevens ? What said she ? The same . That you must sign . But of course she said I must . Your Majesty , have you thought what people will , when hearing that you have reserved assent , be wont to do ? Division would result . I beg you , sir , let 's talk some more as months and years go on , but ... here it is . Perhaps you could just get your pen and sign the bill . You have not changed a word ? It is the same . Were there solution evident that could enable both of us to have our way and ... take it in an instant . For I know you 're acting out of conscience . That 's right , and in good conscience I have thought that , come the moment , surely I could sign . But when the pen approaches paper thus , about to store forever my assent , the pen dries up . My hand , it cannot write . For if my name is given through routine , and not because it represents my view , then soon I 'll have no name , and nameless , I ... .. have not myself . This is your role . You surely must have ... Not since the news was born has Government and State been there allowed to use the threat of jail to stop the presses based on what THEY deem is unacceptable . The Queen did not , in all her years bethroned , face laws like this to pass . I do agree . For , in her time , she faced far greater revolution . When she lost an empire . She oversaw the alteration from the unions , mines and factories that stood for generations , to a world that , Thatcherated , Reaganised , did place the profit higher value than the pride belonging to the man who travels , day by day , upon the Clapham omnibus . And through all this , when laws arrived from those prime ministers she hated , doing things of which I 'm sure she never would approve , she still did sign . Respected all the votes empowering those elect to make the law . She always signed . She always gave assent . Well ... .. I cannot . I 'm sorry , sir , but if I leave this room without " King Charles " imprinted there below , I cannot keep it secret . And in addition , I 'll ensure this bill becomes the law without your royal assent . Redraft the law with changes that defend the independence of the press and send it back , and I will sign immediately . Your Majesty ... no . You are sure that this is what you want to do ? Without my voice and spirit , I am dust . This is not what I want ... .. but what I must . With the bill concerning privacy and the statutory regulation of the press , the King has unexpectedly refused to grant assent . And despite his knowledge that the royal assent is ceremonial and not a tool , he has continued to withhold his pen . So , here I say , importantly , that first we must defend democracy itself . I am speaking from the palace to you all ... reluctantly . I had a hope my ministers and I could find a way to circumvent a public feud like this . But , driven by my conscience , I have declined to pass a law that would give Government the right and power to restrict what is acceptable to say in print . Once fragile politicians can , whilst claiming public sensitivity , go censoring what is writ or not , it will be easier to govern as corrupt than bother being held unto account . And therefore I , who stand outside the rough and tumble of expedience , do caution ... and ask they think again . So far , they have refused . .. weight , influence to the shaping of the Government . Hear , hear . So now do I , as King and ... servant to the populace ... .. request your understanding and your trust that this , a rare but necessary act , is not me stepping too far from the throne , but is my duty , and fulfilling what the king or queen is sworn by oath to do . You 're late . Well , if you 'd seen the news , perhaps you 'd realised I 've been rather busy . So , what 's wrong ? Increasingly , there 's stories in the papers about me and Harry . I suppose they think that I 'm a quite unusual match because of class . Yes , well , that 's hardly a surprise . Three years ago , I knew a boy called Fin , who was a dick , if truth be told . But because we lived in different cities , did text our love . I 'm guessing where this goes . One day , when I was in the mood , I had composed a text expressing love and stuff , which then I sent ... .. but now he contacts me again and makes a threat . He threatens you with one small text ? Yeah , well , in truth , it did contain additional form . You mean ... ? Some pictures of myself that were artistic , yeah ? His e-mail said he 'd seen the news , and since I was so clearly after gold , he should have his . He said if I do not pay up , he 'd send the photo to the Sun on Sunday . It 's blackmail , so you could approach police - but they , I warn you , leak like carrier bags , and have no love for matters Royal these days . If truly you wish to save the Prince , perhaps you need to leave his side , and so doing take from this man the power he now has . If this was Harry or the King , you would do something . You don 't understand , miss , you are not part of the family . Of all the moments you could pick . Opinion polls suggest the people are divided almost equally as to if my non-signing is within my rights ... .. or not . But that half 's far more than I expected would agree with me on this . Whatever many like to think , there is a wise and ancient bond between the Crown and population of this pleasant isle . Charles , you have a visitor . Oh , not Mr Evans ? No , I 'm tired . It 's Mrs Stevens . I see . Be careful . I do not trust her well . Your Majesty , please forgive how late it is . I was not keen to draw attention to the fact that we had a conference tonight . I 'm sure you weren 't , since vocally you 've been most critical of what I 've done , despite a week before assuring me of your complete support . Forgive me , but all I think I did was draw attention to your rights as King . A politician 's tongue you have indeed . It 's late . I 'm tired . Cut to the chase . Tomorrow , Mr Evans ' bill is read that makes it clear a law cannot be halted waiting for the King 's assent . This bill will pass , and when it does , the Crown will lose the right to speak forever more . So I had wondered what Your Majesty did plan to fix this far erroneous course . Because , you see , the vote 's tomorrow - and I for one would not be happy that the influence our monarch has is changed . Therefore , you think the better evil is take pen and sign the wretched and corrupted bill ? It is not up to me to tell the King what he has privilege to do , but if he needed inspiration , he could mull how William IV resolved a not entirely different situation . William IV ? I just suggest you might research the past . Your Majesty . # Lacrimosa dies illa # Qua resurget ex favilla # Judicandus homo reus ♪ Huic ergo parce Deus ... ♪ You think I didn 't love you . It 's not true . Diana ? An indecisive man , and oft so sad , will be the greatest king we ever had . ♪ Lacrimosa ... ♪ The greatest king ? You 're never up this early in the morn unless for you it 's still the night before . I 'm ... I 'm sure I heard a scream . So did I. So like our mother 's voice . It freaked me out . I 've checked , there 's nothing going on . Well , that 's the story of my life . Once woke , I lay and thought , " I 've had enough . " This appointed house we share is yours , not mine . You will be King , Kate your Queen . Even if our father 's making waves , at least he 's allowed to choose his course , but I just ... chase your wake , a ginger joke , bereft of value . The way our father acts , the joke may be on all of us . But then , I saw my phone and found that Jess had sent a text which said she thought that it would never work . She would embarrass me . From what I 've read , I thought this Jessica did cheer your mood ? The two of you had fun ? We have , she does - and not just fun . We have done things that most do every day but ... I assumed were not within my compass Royal . She has unblinkered me , and op 'ed my eyes . The world is wider now , more depth and shape , but ... with this new perspective , I do only seem more trapped ... by this , the family . There will be girls to come , there 've always been before . She 's not just a girl . And if our father 's crisis black does shadow more , I hope that I can turn , as I 've always done , to you . And you 'll be there , already at my side , the pact our mother made us make as resolute as on the day was sworn . # Lacrimosa ♪ Lacrimosa . ♪ It 's not too late . Just go at once and persuade your father of the damage he inflicts . Catherine , I cannot . You can . Since Mum died , he 's wondered if myself and Harry are more loyal to mother lost than to our father who survived and aged . To question him on such a subject now , when he , I know , will be embattled and besieged , will in a second make him draw away . Instead ... Your Highness ? The Prime Minister . Thank you . Show him in . Go back to bed and leave all this to me . I will not go . For surely you 'll be King some day - but on that day I am as much the Queen and I do not intend to be a silent partner in that regal match . Before , when sleeping , did you hear a scream ? A scream ? What scream ? Good Mr Evans , what a kindness shown to come at such an early hour thus . I fear my family does cause you pains . My lady , I cannot pretend that , yes , my life would be a joy in recent weeks if Britain was republic . Today , you still intend to call together all the members of the House , and then propose exclusion of the Crown from making law ? I do . Ideally , I 'd preserve the role of the Crown . But as things stand , I haven 't got a choice . Would you consider waiting for a week , and giving time to let my father change ? Already , we have waited , and he changes not . What if William went at earliest hour to see his father ? Kate , I can 't . What time 's the vote ? It 's 11 o 'clock . I wonder if Prime Minister might have one more attempt ? See , I cannot think that if my father truly understood ... He comprehends it well . He will not sign . I have no choice . My nervous future King , it 's not just him or you you risk by sitting here and doing nothing thus - it is our children , and their children hence , and after that all generations Royal that are to come . They all do look to you , insisting you defend the Crown against this fool 's indulgence . It wouldn 't change a thing . He is too proud . Then think not only of persuading him , but finding lever so he must agree . What lever ? The fact that both of us command support that near thrice outweigh the aged King ... and if we wanted might begin to itch in waiting for the Throne . I will never step across my father 's right . I 'm sorry it 's come to this . I really am . You did embarrass him . My husband , look at me . My love for you is full and as the moment that we met . I do not think you weak at all , but wrong . Now , become the man I know you are and act . I am not King . ♪ Lacrimosa dies illa ... ♪ # Qua resurget ex favilla ♪ Judicandus homo reus ... ♪ William . You 're now the man I never lived to see . Such pain , my son , such hurt . But now be glad ... .. you 'll be the greatest king we ever had . ♪ Lacrimosa dies illa ... ♪ Long night , then ? I , erm ... I think I might quit my job . Be careful about that ... way things are . I mean , we all have shit jobs , don 't we ? Don 't want to be rude , but perhaps your mum and dad can help you out ? My mum 's dead . Oh , right . Mine , too . I suppose everybody 's mother dies one day . Even the King . His mother dies , he don 't even cry . Now what 's that about ? Why do you want to quit , then ? I think I 'm in love . Hmm , pretty girl ? Yeah . You going to run off with her ? Maybe . Found that money yet ? Yeah , sorry . Out of date now , innit ? You know , since she died , world 's gone mad , I swear . Every night , people have this look . Bit like you . And it 's like they 're terrified . They don 't know where they live . They don 't know what Britain is . What do you mean ? Like this meat here . It 's not one thing . Different pieces , different slices , collected around one core piece of steel . But you take that away , it all falls apart . Maybe she is what held it all together . Where 's this girl of yours , then ? She left me . Do you love her ? Yeah . Yeah , I think I do . Find her . 'I thank you , Mr Speaker , 'and because we know the facts upon the matter well , 'I will unusually be very brief . ' 'There is a contract made between a man or woman and the State ... ' Kate ? ' .. to which both sides must there agree , 'that citizen does have a voice and in return will keep the law . 'And so an intervention such as this which so removes the voice , 'but keeps the law is absolutely wrong ... ' 'Hear , hear ! ' Not at the table . 'I make assumption we all will vote in favour of this bill . 'We all here now have made a choice to come and represent 'constituents to have their say in this , their House , 'and give their weight and influence ... ' Where is he ? He 's upstairs . He 'll be down shortly . Upstairs ? ! Roberts said he was not to be disturbed . ' .. and now he oversteps ... ' So we must act . And not out of disrespect , but since we have no other choice than to protect our democratic , British , way of life . Hear , hear ! And now by ancient process , on this most important matter , we 'll divide the House . We will divide the House and vote . Ayes to the left ... ♪ Dona eis requiem . ♪ Empowered by ancient decree I do , as King of England , Northern Ireland , Wales and Scotland , use my Royal prerogative here to dissolve the Parliament at once . Order ! Order ! Order ! Order ! Order ! I will have silence ! This noise demeans you all . Is this the space where public will is spoke and heard , or just a stand for juvenile and selfish squall ? Through petty theft , and fighting here amongst yourselves , you 've lost the population 's trust . I am not prone to certainty , but you have drawn that measure in my unsure heart . Unlike you all , I 'm born and raised to rule . I do not choose , but like an Albion Oak , I 'm sown in British soil , and grown , not for myself , but reared with single purpose meant . Whilst you have small constituency support which gusts and falls as does the wind , my cells and organs constitute this land ... The speaker knows it is within my right , to sack my ministers and call a fresh election . Order ! Order ! My speaker , will you here confirm to them that what I do is well within my right and anointed power to , as King , demand ? Your Majesty , if this is what you want , then this you can , as King , command . Where 's Mummy gone ? Fresh air . Cry havoc . Jess ! Jess ! Oh ! Bob , I 'm sorry to wake you . I-I know it 's late . Did you got her text ? Yeah , I 've been trying to call . Your Highness ? Yeah ? Fuck off . I had to find you . You can 't be out here on your own , you 'll be lynched . I 'm not on my own . Terry ? Yes , sir . That 's how I found you . What do you want ? Jess , I ... I want to say , I ... I love you . What ? Jess ! They 're just using this to get at my father . Well , I don 't want anything to do with any of it . Or you . We 're done . Yeah , but I know you like me . Mate , it doesn 't matter . You 're a prince . You always will be . Come to the palace . There 's a way this can work . Please ! Ohh ! The crowds ! You hear ? How many guards are standing there outside ? Please , have them tripled . Your Majesty , these men in front are there for tourist ceremony , not defence . If it 's your safety that concerns ... It 's my preservation - and I know that will be served by what is seen . The truth is that my greatest enemies stand not within the crowd outside , but there , in Whitehall , waiting for the slightest glimpse of weakness . Sir Matthew , when timely pressed , you 'll need to know precisely where , to whom , your loyalty lies . My loyalty ? Your Majesty , when we join the forces we all swear that , come what may , we shall protect the King , and so we will . You 're looking at me . Aren 't you ? All the time . You think you know me ? Well , I know nothing . Just a plastic doll , designed , I 'm told , to stand embodying a male-created bland and standard wife , whose only job is prettying the Prince , and then , if possible , get pregnant with the royal and noble bump , to there produce an heir ... .. and spare . But , being underestimated so does mean I can observe and plan and learn the way to rule . Of course I understand , Dad , but this goes way beyond ... For I will be a queen unlike the ones before . My mother 's dad was in the North a miner born , my father came from Leeds , both of them when young and inexperienced did risk their house and all they had to try and make a business of their own . But it 's not just this stock I bring to these most distant regal realms , but something more important and precise . I have ambition for my husband , yes , and I hope my son will grow the finest King - but if I must put up with taunts , and make so public everything I am , then I demand things for myself . I ask no less than power to achieve my will in fair exchange for total service to the State . Yes , this is what , enthroned , that I will do . Not simply help my husband in his crown , but wear one of my own . How did it go ? He simply said the strength of public voice in strong support did give him solace that he wasn 't wrong . This is answer clear enough to me . He 's stranded . So , what 's your plan ? Your Highness ? The Prime Minister . The Prime Minister ? I didn 't ask him here . I know . Prime Minister . Please tell us latest news . Last night saw violence across the country . In Liverpool , in Oxford , Edinburgh , in Belfast too . But London is the worst . Prime Minister , I 've seen what 's going on . And Parliament ? There is no Parliament . The speaker will not open the House for he fears it is illegal as things stand . So the members of Parliament do sit , just as 400 years ago , in Westminster Hall instead . Services are functioning well - schools , transport , health ? No , the schools are closed , doctors are stretched . The bloodshed worsens every day we wait , and while we in the House attempt to calm , the King parks a tank in Buckingham Palace grounds . Prime Minister , in private , I , of course , whole-heartedly do give my support , but this is for Parliament to solve . William , they can 't ! Parliament is impotent . The time has come to go and halt this mess . Your Highness , you are the only way . And what am I to do ? You know full well . I can 't . Then , sir , I think you will be Prince no more . For none that follow will be King again . George . Daddy , Daddy , Daddy ! George , come back inside , please . I 'm so sorry ! He just ran away . Go back inside , OK ? Mummy and I are talking . Prime Minister , go back to Number 10 . You can leave this to me . I will bring an end to this unnecessary episode . I thank you , sir . For reasons you don 't need to understand , a picture made of Jessica that is quite intimate has made its way into the pages of a national paper . There is attack towards her worse than I have seen against Kate , or me , or Mum , or you ... and now she wants to leave me , cos of this . If I defend the freedom of the press , it 's with the knowledge they will never live up to a higher standard . Naked girls , young boys will illustrate their pages , and they 'll make hypocrisy an art , insisting that they stand chief moralist while making cash as base pornographer . I know this much . So , all that we can do ... .. is stand our ground . For , if they 're free to print this dirt , then we have liberty , as well , to answer back . So now you have my word , you have the royal protection and respect . Whatever we can do to help , we will . You will be welcome in our family . Wait , no , that isn 't that we want . Come , Harry , now it 's done . I do not want her noble princess made . Instead descend myself into the mass , cast off the princely burden of my birth and for my life be Harry , man and friend , with job , and house and car and maybe wife . It isn 't possible . We make no fuss 'cept that I 've moved , found work . I 'll have no role official and not prince , I 'll live a life of normalcy , within this country , rather than atop the mound , unearned and with a target on my back . You would not be a prince ? ! I 'd be ... your son , but , no - my love for Jessica comes first . Because like you , I don 't believe that born a prince must mean I sacrifice my soul . Dissimilarity , it seems , does make a match . So , Harry ... .. yes . You may do as you wish . Sir , whatever you may do , this story is distraction when the Crown itself is in dispute . The people need to hear from you . As we discussed , despite your reservations , you must now go and meet the press . Excuse me . OK ? OK . William ! I didn 't know you would be here . We 'll always serve the interests of the Crown . As family , we should be seen as one . James says it 's what they will expect of us . It was James persuaded you to come ? It was in conversation , yes . I don 't know how to thank you , James . It will be now with pride and strength of clan I stand my ground and state my case . As always , James , you 've thought of everything . The picture here like this is now complete . The family will be my backdrop and the news will say , the country 's safe , and clear united . Ah , no photos yet , please . Good morning . As you know , we 've only got about 20 minutes . So , erm , His Highness will say a few words . Then we can do some set-ups afterwards . Thank you . Good afternoon . Gosh , there 's quite a few of you - but thank you all for coming here today . My wife and I have been so shocked by scenes unfolding here and overseas . My father has , through noble conscience said , as is his right , he will withhold assent - and furthermore , as is legal , too , he has dismissed elected government . Of course , this has resulted in disquiet . Not just in homes and streets , or in the House , but in our family , too . My wife and I respect my father 's choices , but do wish this could have been avoided , and so , today , I do announce that I , as Prince Of Wales , from now will try to mediate between the King and the House of Commons . I am convinced there is a way to move on this , without the need for further violence , and respecting both democracy and the ancient British power of anointed King . I have my father 's blessing in this role . He is as keen as I am to see an end to this destructive and divisive time . I 'm also lucky to have Catherine , too . For all of this was actually her idea . Turns out she 's cleverer than all of us . She 'll sort us out . Your Majesty , sir , I want to explain . You knew what William would say to them ? ! Indeed . I made it possible for him to speak . You 're surely not intending still to work for me , not after treachery like this ? Your son has offered me employment . I hope you fail in everything you do ! Prime Minister . Unjust . Unkind . Unruly mob ! But wait . What 's this ? There 's now no tank , there 's now no men ! Some loyalty ! Roberts ! Roberts ! William , where 's Roberts gone ? I said to take an hour off . You said ? That 's right , Your Majesty . " Your Majesty " ? But William , it 's me . Despite the horrid things you 've done , it 's me . So call me Dad , or Father , if you like , but not Your Majesty , like all the rest . I call you that for that is what you are . Before my father , long before all else you are the King , and that 's to whom I speak . But William , come look at this , a book ... You think too much on books and history . But what is power held if never used ? Our duty 's not to simply sit indoors and hope things get resolved , but to engage all parties and attempt to find a way ... " Engage all parties " ? ! King 's no such duty . Duty royal . Shared amongst us all . I do not request your counsel ! Instead it is support , expected , and support that you must give . You should apologise for such betrayal ! But I 'll put it down to youth , and nerves . Now help me and go fetch good Roberts here . The tank was still remiss , and all those guards Sir Matthew kindly put in place have gone . I know . You know ? What do you mean , you know ? Sir Matthew came to Kensington . We spoke . I said with the unrest and violence that has spread across the country we should not be stoking it with these provocative militaristic shows . And what said he ? That it was not a show , and that he had in consultation here with you agreed it was important that the palace is defended from attacks within the crowd . Exactly , you should not have questioned it ! Having heard his answer I went on that in an hour I 'll drive straight down The Mall and enter through the guarded gates . I then intend to go around the yard and if , I said , there is a tank , I 'll ask the men in blue that they do move it off because it is a danger having such a deadly weapon aimed towards the crowd . And when as promised I drove down The Mall , police on either side , expecting that the crowd would see me and attack the car , instead they saw who steered and parted there to let us through . And as we went between the mob , a silence briefly fell upon them all . It was most strange . They stopped and watched us go ... .. and as the gates did close behind us , one girl called out , " You tell him , Will " And so I must . Must tell me ... what ? You can 't go back from your decision now . Agreed , retreating now would be the end . And yet you can 't progress , the Parliament will never hold elections as you wish . We 'll see ! So I propose on coronation day , we have two thrones upon the dais placed , and sat on cushions next to them are two crowns awaiting royal heads to rest . Two thrones , two crowns ? It is not possible for Britain and the Commonwealth to have , as you suggest , two Kings in tandem rule . No , not two Kings . A King and Queen . Oh , you mean Camilla ? Oh , oft we have discussed ... Camilla , no . Then what DO you intend ? Cos if it 's what I think then you must speak the words of treachery yourself and shank your father with a full and clear betrayal . I mean myself and Kate are crowned instead . And what of me ? I simply stand aside ? You offer ... abdication and explain since taking on the role , you 've felt your age . There 's something in your face I recognise . It was Diana ... where I saw it last , and I had hoped that it had died with her . But here it is , in you , ambition lurks ! I 'm proud of that ambition , I 'm proud of her ... who , plucked so young , before she knew the world , and thrust into a den of lions keen for meat , was given no protection . You cast my mum aside , discarded and destroyed her by repute . No , I loved your mother at the time and did my very best to make sure you weren 't harmed ! And that will be your tombstone - " I did my best . At least I tried . " That 's a plea for effort rather than effect - and that is you as husband , you as son , as father , too , and now as King . But all our sympathy is withered up and dry . This is a job . You should 've got it right and you did not . Be careful what you say . You 've always had my total love . I will not abdicate ! I will not abdicate ! Ungrateful boy ! I 'll never give the Crown away . For me it 's duty and my calling , things to do ! I know , don 't ask me how , that I will be the greatest king of all . The greatest king ? ! And so you shall . For when they write the history books about this they will tell stories crisis-like about the stormy days after the Queen had died and how for weeks you contemplated hard upon the right and proper thing to do , and , in the end , decided for the good of all your people and their long-term happiness you would selflessly stand aside and pass it on , to younger hands , more popular and with more time to reign . I will be King as ruler , not as doormat stepped across . No , go ! I don 't want to see you here ! Your Majesty ... .. this is a sorry day , but if you cannot sign the law you must make way for one who can . I have brought here a document to state official abdication , so we can achieve a common goal - stability . Who made this thing ? The civil service drew it up today . And printed out in haste - there are mistakes in spelling ! Will you sign ? I will not ! What 's that document you 're holding there ? You must do nothing till we have consulted with the experts on the constitution . I thought it Harry that was wild , but you have now by far surpassed his worst excess . A vile and nasty child . I realise you and Catherine are the king and queen of column inches but you 're just a duke and duchess here ! The King is King ! He will not sign . Your thin opinion of us demonstrates how out of touch you are , and jealous , too . Our looks don 't make us cruel , our youth is not an ignorance , and detail in the way we dress should not be thought as vanity , but as part of the substance only we provide . Our column inches are the greatest influence we possess . Majesty , sign - and bring an end to all this . My son , your loyalty ! The people turn to William . This is the only way . I am convinced . Harry . My boys . My little boys . Of course you 're scared . But I know what I do , so sit , let 's talk . We 'll sit and be your sons . But first you abdicate . And if I don 't ... Then we will leave . Yes , us , and Kate , the children . Family all . You will not see us till you change your mind . I will not see my sons ? Or grandchildren , too ? I cannot live alone . You 're not alone . And even if you were , well , better that than father-servant to your shallow sons . I cannot live alone . It 's done . The King is at an end . I will retreat to bed , and when I wake to a new dawn , I 'll simply be an old forgotten gardener , who potters round and talks to plants and chuckles to himself . Whilst far away the King and Queen do rule over a golden age of monarchy that bothers no-one , does no good , and is a pretty , plastic picture with no meaning ! Sorry , ma 'am , your name doesn 't appear on the list . What ? Miss Jessica ... Thank you . Why do you seem so lost ? The seating plan , my name does not appear . You 're sure the Prince did make his invitation known ? Perhaps it would be best , to find out from the man himself . Oh , here he comes , so handsome in his uniform . Here 's Jessica , who seems omitted from the seating plan . Perhaps you 'll know a little more about this than I. Are you all right ? You 'll not attend today . As William And Kate are crowned , you 'll have to watch outside . Outside ? But why ? Harry ? My brother , talking with his wife , and close advisors , feels it would be best you not attend . You are too big a risk to what he needs - stability . But that 's not ... And furthermore ... .. he 's asked me personally if I would stop all contact with you and resume the way I was before , a singleton , amusing , mostly clownish and unthreatening . I hope you quickly told him where to go . He 's now the King . So King can tell you who to love and what to feel ? The King is dictator of your heart ? My heart was made by King . If I betray allegiance , then the little that I am is gone . If you loved me you would fight this . Or if I have to go , you 'd come with me . I want to . Starting soon . # Te deum laudamus # Te Dominum confitemur # Te aeternum # Patrem omnis terra veneratur # Te Deum laudamus # Te Dominum confitemur # Te aeternum Patrem # Omnis terra veneratur # Te Deum laudamus # Te Dominum confitemur # Te aeternum Patrem # Omnis terra veneratur # Tibi omnes Angeli # Tibi caeli et universae potestates ♪ Tibi Cherubim et Seraphim ... ♪ I here present to you King William , your undoubted King . Wherefore all you who are come this day to do your homage and service . Is Your Majesty willing to take the Oath ? I am willing . Will you solemnly promise and swear to govern the peoples of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , Canada , Australia , New Zealand and of your Possessions and other Territories ? I solemnly promise so to do . Will you to your power cause Law and Justice , in Mercy , to be executed in all your judgments ? I solemnly promise so to do . Will you maintain and preserve inviolably the settlement of the Church of England , and the doctrine , worship , discipline , and government thereof , as by law established in England ? All this I promise so to do . My son . God save you . God save the King ! God save the King ! God save the King ! # Lacrimosa dies illa # Qua resurget ex favilla # Judicandus homo reus ♪ Huic ergo parce , Deus ... ♪
