 ... about the upcoming launch of the Samsara International mission to Mars . Sources within the European space agency , speaking off the record , have confirmed that the upcoming International mission to Mars could be in jeopardy , after last week 's assassination of Chinese President Tzang Wanzhou . When NASA defunded its extra-planetary projects as part of the 2024 agency restructuring , China 's national Space administration stepped into a leadership role in the Samsara mission , amid rumors that the PRC 's involvement is a cover for its military ambitions . NASA 's Samsara liaison continues to deny that the mission has been compromised , insisting that the Samsara mission 's International crew is united in their goals and focus . I believe we can send humans to orbit Mars and return them safely to earth . And a landing on Mars will follow . And I expect to be around to see it . Like the scientific missions based in Antarctica , Samsara exists outside of politics . As the world mourns the death of madame Zhang , mission commander Robert Liu has met with all the agencies involved to reassure them that the fight will go on . Man will step foot on Mars before the end of the year . - Where is she ? - In the lab . - You left her there alone ? - She 's fine . Bianca 's doing the blood work . - She likes Bianca ? - Yeah . Yeah , she does . Okay , let 's go . Kat ... Kat . What ... What ? - Doctor wants to talk to us . - No ! - Without Amelia . - No ! Kat ... We need to hear what he has to say . I 'm sorry . You said it was gone . What I said was that it was in remission . We always knew that there was a chance ... You said it was gone . It 's never that simple . Explain it then , huh ? Feel free to use short words . - The tumors have spread ... - Tumors ? As in more than one ? What are our options ? Chemo , surgery , radiation , what ? - I 'm afraid ... - None of the above ! I 'm gonna be in the lab with Amelia . All available personnel to the ER . Kathryn 's been under a lot of pressure . The mission coming up . I can imagine . And now this . It must be very frustrating to come so close and then have to step aside , to hand over your place in history to someone else . She 's not stepping aside . We all agree . Kathryn 's going to Mars . How long ? There 's no way of telling , you know . In cases like this ... Amelia . Her name is Amelia ! So this is where the party is . Daddy ! We 're all done here , but you may want to swing by the cafeteria to get some juice , okay ? 'Cause I took a lot of blood . Mm . Juice sounds good . Cras-ras ? Oh , I know , I know , I know . Pickle juice and strained Sauerkraut ! Sound good ? No . I want to go home . I 'm tired . Oh , baby . Piggyback ride , hmm ? Come on , come on , come on , come on . Come on . Oh , yeah ! - Bye , Bianca . - Bye . Thank you . Before I met you , the only constellation I could name was the big dipper . Everybody starts with the big dipper , and Orion . Amelia asked me for a telescope for Christmas , so she could see you on Mars . I 'm thinking maybe you should get it for her birthday instead . Doctor said ... Doctor said that we should appreciate the time we have with her , whether it 's three weeks or three years . Three years ? He said three years ? He was that specific ? - He said three years ? - It could be longer . I won 't be back for three years . It could be longer , he said . Amelia 's strong . She 's a fighter . - She 's like you ! - Like me . I mean , what kind of mother abandons her dying child ? You are the greatest mother a little girl could ask for . And the greatest wife . You don 't just belong to us . What you 're doing , it 's gonna make the world a better place . Not just for me and you and Amelia but for everyone . If there 's even a mission . You don 't think the Chinese will pull out ? No , but the guy who shot the president , he was American . That 's not on the news . Yeah , they 're trying to embargo it . The PRC intelligence agents tracked him down to Hong Kong , and took him into custody this morning . He claims he 's part of a group that doesn 't want humanity to leave earth . If God wanted man to fly , - he would have given him wings . - Exactly . What a mess . It 's all a mess . And all we 're going to do is bring our problems with us . Man 's greatest export to the universe . My grandad once told me , that when he was 15 , it was the worst year he 's ever lived through . Robert Kennedy was just assassinated , and Martin Luther King . The My Lai Massacre happened . Russian tanks were rolling into Czechoslovakia . It was just one God-awful thing after another , and there was no reason to believe that 1969 would be any better . And then Apollo 11 made it to the moon . And Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong , they left their footprints in the moon dust . And my grandad said that when he saw those footprints , he felt like crying , because he knew that everything was gonna be okay . You need to leave your footprints in the Mars dust , so that everyone will know it 's gonna be okay , that no matter what 's happening right now , there 's something bigger out there . You need to give people hope . I 'm going to enhance these beautiful cheekbones . You all right , sweetie ? I don 't feel so good . You don 't ? Oh . It 's okay , baby . It 's all right . Oh , thanks . Oh , don 't cry , sweetheart . Do you need the bathroom ? It 's just out the door to the right . I 'm so sorry . You know , the meds she 's on , it 's ... My son had a bad stomach . Cancer . He had cancer . My baby . You need some roses on your cheeks . Sit . All right , roses coming up . It tickles . Sissy ! How are you , my lovely girl ? - Oh my . - Safari Njema . - Oh . - Did I say it right ? Perfectly , my dear . I 'll see you out there . Constance , can I speak to you for a second ? Oh . You look beautiful . Safari nem ... - Njema . - Njema ? What ? It means " bon voyage " in Swahili . Ahh . Well , look at you . Constance gave me roses . Roses in her cheeks . Constance felt that she was looking a little pale . I threw up in front of Constance . Was this before or after she gave you the roses ? Before . I 'm thirsty . Yeah , why don 't you guys go grab something from the snack cart ? Yeah ? Even if the press conference starts on time , you 've got about half an hour . - You want anything ? - No . I know you didn 't eat breakfast . - What 's breakfast ? - The most important meal of the day . That 's right . Get you a muffin . Come on . Ladies and gentlemen , please welcome the Samsara international space team . Jeff Taylor , Toronto globe and mail . My question 's for Dr. Liu . You have a long history in heterogeneous catalyst and surface science . You 've pioneered work with nanotubes , nanomaterials and nanostructures . How will your work be integrated into the mission ? It is the mission . Without nanotechnology and nanomaterials , there is no Mars colony . Without me , there is no mission . So wait , you mean I can stay home and watch the world cup ? Hello , Elvis . Hi , Myra . Nice to see you again . Mira Morganthau . You 'll be in charge of communications for the Samsara mission , is that correct ? That is the word on the street . So essentially you 'll be wiring Mars . Designing the colony 's communication infrastructure , yes . And once I 'm done , you 'll never be able to say in space no one can hear you scream . Hiroko Okamura , NHK . Dr. Voss . You 've said that you will be conducting studies into the nature of the dark matter principle . Yes , and expanding on the groundbreaking work conducted by David Klein . Can you explain to my viewers exactly what dark matter is ? Well , if I knew that , hiroko , I wouldn 't have to go to Mars . Amina Labibi , Al Jazeera . My question is for you , Dr. Biira . Yes . Your role on this mission is ... More observational , less action , is it not ? Are you asking me if I 'm with the band ? Forgive me my little joke . I understand that my function may not seem as important as those of my colleagues . I won 't be conducting atmospheric studies like Kathryn or doing biomedical research like Lucien , but I 'd like to think my work on group dynamics could prove useful in the future . I 'll be expanding on the Mars 500 experiments from 2009 to 2011 , and on the year-long hi-seas project of 2015 , which focused on crew member cohesion and performance . Mars is a long way away , and the quarters we 'll be sharing are rather small . It 's not like we can send someone back to earth for a time-out if they get cranky . Speaking of that , don 't you think , given the considerable cost of this mission , that we should be focusing on colonization , not simply exploring . I think you should consider us more as a landing party rather than an invading army . Our goals are no less ambitious . Our commitment is total but our scope is more focused . We are there to prepare the way . Hmm . Was the failure of the Mars first initiative forcing a re-evaluation of this mission ? - Did science fail us ? - Suzanne , s 'il te plait . Um , the Mars first disaster was not a failure of science . It was a failure of trust . And you , you trust this mission ? I do . We 'll be back . Are you really going to leave your dying child to go off on this adventure ? I 'm sorry , you 're with ... ? Dr. Liu . Perhaps you 'd like to comment on the allegations that your agency plans to plant the Chinese flag on Mars and claim all the resources for the PRC alone ? You know about the Antarctica treaty of 1959 . It prohibits military activities , mineral mining , and detonating nuclear explosions in Antarctica . To date , 71 nations have signed it . The Mars treaty is fashioned on the very same principles . This is a scientific mission being conducted by an international team for the benefit of all mankind . You mean humankind . Have I answered your question ? Yeah , but , um ... Just one thing ... As far back as 2015 , the international academy of astronautics proclaimed that mineral resources found in space are actually game changers . They even went on to recommend as how we can further leverage these resources . Are you familiar with the study ? I believe one of the co-editors was your mentor at the Beijing institute of technology . What is your question ? Just what does Antarctica have that anyone would want ? Penguins ? But Mars ? It 'll be an intergalactic gold rush . Gonna be hard to stay high-minded . This is what 's wrong with capitalism . My parents have come to watch the launch . My mother is cooking tonight . All my favorites . Will you come ? You and John and Amelia . I have to go now , baby . I know . I made this for you . That 's Mars . I was gonna draw sissy and Elvis and Dr. Liu , and Lucien-Pascal but I didn 't have room . Oh , that 's okay . We can pretend they 're visiting the other side of the planet . Okay . I wish I could go with you . I want to float through space . I 'll make you a deal . When I come home , we 'll float together . - Really ? - I promise . Daddy 's sad you 're going away . He says he 's happy , but I can tell . You are just gonna take care of him while I 'm gone , all right ? Make sure he doesn 't eat ice cream . And that he smiles at least once a day . - He really likes ice cream . - I know . But it 's not good for him , so remind him . Okay . And if I 'm not here , grandma will remind him . Grandma ? If I 'm not here . Don 't be sad if I 'm not here when you come back . I 'll make you lots of pictures . Mom ? You 're squishing me . Sorry , sorry . - Sorry , baby . - It 's okay . My ride 's here . Mommy 's gotta go , sweetie . - Okay . - Okay . - Promise you 'll come home ? - I promise . Nothing 's gonna stop me from coming home to you . Ignition sequence starts . Six , five , four , three , two , one . Prepare for separation . One . Call to Samsara . Crew be advised , we are ready to initiate the docking sequence . All I 'm saying is , we need to think about it . For 70 years we 've been stuck with " one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . " Where is the poetry in that ? Why are you worried ? You 're not gonna be the first one out the door anyway . Okay . So what are you gonna say ? I 'll think of something . Yeah , see , that 's what I 'm afraid of . Remember Yuri Gagarin . The first words a human ever spoke in space . He said , " orbiting earth in this spaceship , I saw how beautiful our planet is . People , let 's preserve and increase its beauty , not destroy it . " He also said , " I looked and looked , but I didn 't see God . " Yeah , well , he was a godless communist . - No offense . - None taken . Actually , he was a Russian orthodox , and he never said those words . That quote came from a speech Kruschev made . Now he was a godless communist . Amen , brother . My controller 's here , looking very carefully at the situation . Obviously a major malfunction . We have a report from the flight dynamics officer that the vehicle has exploded . Flight director confirms that . We are looking at checking with the recovery forces to see what can be done at this point . If you 're just joining us , here 's what we know so far . At 2 : 57pm , the Samsara Spacecraft , returning from its three-year Mars mission suffered what NASA is calling " a catastrophic event . " The craft suffered an in-flight breakdown as it entered the atmosphere , leaving debris stretching across three states . NASA officials have confirmed the accident was not survivable . Mr. Voss ! Mr. Voss ! Do you know anything about ... The cable went out . I went online and none of the news stations say anything about the accident . Maybe it was a mistake , some sort of a freak meteor shower , you know , and then some yahoo at a news desk panicked and then he went on the air . They just don 't want us to know ! She promised she 'd come home . She said nothing on earth could stop her from coming home . I stayed here for her . It hurt so much , but I stayed here . I know , honey , I know you did . Stop it ! Take a deep breath , Amelia . Remember what the doctor said ? - Deep breaths . - I don 't care what the doctor said . - Honey ... - I want mom ! Amelia ! Amelia ! Amelia , honey ? Amelia ? Oh , my God . Look . What is this ? Check it out . Hey , come here ! Hurry up ! Oh , my God . Was it a missile ? A meteorite ? A goddamn lightning bolt from heaven ? I need some answers right now . Yes , right now ! Sir , you need to see this . - Where 'd you get this image ? - The satellite feed . There 's a satellite above the debris field ? - Blind it . - We can 't do that . Do it ! Sky news is calling . Ignore it , I said . - No one talks to the press ! - It 's Google . No one talks to Google . Elvis ... Dr. price-Johnson worked for them . No one talks to Google , no one talks to the families , no one talks to no one . This never happened . Are we clear ? - Are we clear ? - Yes , sir . Where are you ? I need you in Nevada , now . Good morning . You missed breakfast , but it didn 't look very tasty . Poached egg and grits . Thirsty ? My name is Wyatt Roberts . I work for the director of national intelligence . You 've never heard of us . We 're the guys who brief the president when there are incidents like yours . Incidents ? - I don 't ... - Amnesia . Seriously ? That 's your play ? Why are you dressed like that ? You 're in quarantine . Do I have Ebola ? We 're not sure what 's going on with you . Let 's just say you 're in quarantine until we can figure out why you 're still alive . It 's kind of a miracle . Ha ! Aah . Oh , yeah . Elvis was looking for you . Uh ... You missed the morning news dump today . Let me guess . Terrorist attacks in London , world currency in free-fall , mass graves found in Mexico . Actually , it was terrorist attacks in Paris . You know , it 's the same every day . I don 't even know why they go through the trouble . How 's Amelia ? She 's alive . I don 't know how , but she 's alive . You know , there are all sorts of studies showing that people can stave off death when there 's something they 're willing to stay alive for . She 's waiting for me . It won 't be long now . - It won 't be long ! Oh ! - We 're going home . - We 're going home . - Yeah . - We 're going home . - We 're going home ! We 're going home . We 're going home . Yes . What 's the last thing you remember ? I was in my daughter 's room , and I was looking at the stars . I have a daughter . You were looking at the stars . Out the window ? On the walls . She has posters . My daughter , Amelia , she must be worried about me . I need to go see her . I have to go see her . You 're not going anywhere . - What ... - I told you . You 're in quarantine . We have some more tests to run on you before you can be released . I need to see my little girl . And John . I need to see John . I need to see my husband and my little girl . And you will . Just as soon as we know it 's safe . Is that why the door is locked ? Is the door locked to keep me safe ? No , Dr. Voss . It 's locked to keep us safe . You want to run some tests , right ? Let 's do it . Where are my clothes ? You don 't have any clothes . We found you naked . Found me ... Now you listen to me , you son of a bitch . The only thing that 's kept my daughter alive these past three years is the thought of seeing her mother again , and this afternoon , she saw her blow up on television . I 've got a dead wife and a kid in the hospital , and the phone number of CNN 's science reporter on my speed dial . Now if I don 't get some answers pretty damn quick , I 'm gonna start making some noise . Oh , national security ? Don 't pull that homeland security crap on me . If you don 't have the clearance to give me some answers , you 'd better find me somebody who does ! We 're gonna be measuring the electrical activity of your brain using these electrodes . Yeah , I 'm familiar with the EEG technology . Okay . And this afternoon we 're gonna be doing a pet scan and establishing baselines , and compare what we get to the tests NASA has on file . What are you doing ? Mapping the pleasure centers of my brain . We already know where they are . True . But there 's nothing like ... Ooh . Primary research . Perv . Okay , let 's begin . State your name . Dr. Kathryn Voss . Whoa . Can you tell from the brain activity if she 's faking amnesia ? - Huh . - What ? This is off-the-charts weird . Weird how ? Weird as in impossible . What kind of questions were you asking her ? We ran the scan three times with the same results . - And ? / - Every time she showed the same pattern of activity . It 's like she has complete control of her subconscious mind . Then she 's faking the amnesia . Faking ? No . Post-traumatic amnesia 's very common . But forget about the bizarre brain waves . Her blood work is what 's really strange . We tested her blood and found 71 amino acids . 71 ? Can you just tell me what that means ? Two weeks before she went to Mars , Kathryn Voss had only 21 amino acids in her body . So ? - What I mean ... Amino acids , they 're ... They don 't ... Human beings only have 21 . You 're saying she 's not human . Not anymore . Plus sign . Star . Square . Star . Wavy lines . Star , star , star , star , star ! Star ! How are the oxygen levels ? Down to 19 % . And , um , how 's the night vision ? Won 't be a problem unless it goes below 17 % . But the sooner you get those oxygen generators online , the better . Mm-hmm . You know , I keep thinking ... If I look at those plants long enough , one of them is going to morph into a cigarette . You smoke ? I 'm French . Of course I smoke . Well , not for years , but I still remember the taste . Maybe you can ask Robert to have his nanites whip up some cigarettes . Cigarettes , huh ? And what would you ask him to whip up ? - Hmm ? - Mm-hmm . Um ... Chocolate . Chocolate . Mm , I like that . Amelia , I 'm waiting for you . Amelia , It hurts so much ! No ! No ! Mom ! Kathryn . Calm down , calm down . I 'm okay . Just dizzy . Oh , no . You 've got a fever . - I 'm fine . - Robert . Can you come to the greenhouse ? Kathryn is not well . Calm down , calm down . Hello , agent Roberts . How did you know it was me ? Your , uh , scent is distinctive . You hesitated . You were gonna say something else . I was gonna say " your aura " but I thought that might be too woo-woo for you . You 're right . What does my aura look like ? It 's pink and sparkly , like a unicorn 's . That 's what I thought . You 're not wearing your gear . Does that mean I 'm not contagious ? I want to see my daughter . What lesson have you brought back to her ? What did you learn that you couldn 't have learned on earth ? I want to see my daughter . I 'd like world peace , but it isn 't going to happen today . You know what else isn 't gonna happen today ? Me playing Guinea pig . I want to see my daughter . Above my pay grade . Then get out ! I 'm not the only one with questions , Dr. Voss . And some of those people with questions , they 're not as nice as I am . Well , are they the ones that blew the Samsara ? Who said it blew up ? What do you remember ? Everything was normal aboard the craft . Everyone was excited . Elvis ? Elvis was taking selfies . And then we saw this streak of light coming right at us . I thought it was a UFO . It 's not what I remember , agent Roberts . It 's what I 'm learning now . You 've kept me pretty sequestered , but I can hear the people talking . I can hear the fear in their voices . There weren 't supposed to be survivors , were there ? You thought you could claim catastrophic vehicle failure and all would be fine ? But now the Chinese diplomats are demanding to know what really happened . I want to see my daughter . I 'll make a call . You do that . Yeah . Sir , we 've got a problem . She remembers the missile . That 's unfortunate . We have the contingency covered . - Activate Shan . - Sir , are you sure ... Oh , you have such a good heart , Wyatt . But you have to remember that this ... this woman is an abomination . The whole mission is an abomination , an act of global hubris . An insult to the creator ! The whole issue is the whole dominion over this life ! This earth ! Nowhere is it written that we must spread our seed across this universe ! Activate Shan ... Or do it yourself ! What the hell are you looking at ? Good evening , Dr. Voss . Looks like we 're in for a treat tonight . Chicken teriyaki and some rice . But I 'm a vegetarian . Oh , darn . Well , looks like somebody screwed up the meal orders . What are you doing ? Would have been a lot easier had you cooperated . What 's in that needle ? It 's a little something to help with those memories . Ah , the missile . This is about the missile . Who shot that missile ? Wrong question , Kathryn . Aah ! - Why ? - You wouldn 't understand why . Too filled with your faith in technology , worshiping a false God . Why can 't you die ? Because I am supposed to do something . It 's not my time . Stop ! You 've been lying to me ! You 're never gonna let me see my family again ! You 're never gonna let me go ! If you leave , you will be putting lives into danger ! Your husband 's , your daughter 's ! They don 't even know I 'm alive , do they ? No , they don 't . Now do you really want your little girl to know that her mommy went to Mars and came back a monster ? Stay , and we can answer your questions together . I don 't think so . Yes ? John Voss ? Wyatt Roberts . I got it . I want to see a warrant . Call your lawyer if you want , but we 're taking the laptop with us . - I want a receipt . - Of course . Pope ? You want to tell me why you 're taking my computer ? Because we have records of transmissions your wife sent to your daughter that mention something strange and wonderful going on . Do you have any idea what that meant ? Strange and wonderful ? You mean her dreams ? Dreams ? What dreams ? Kat told Amelia she was having these dreams , that she was swimming in a river of stars and galaxies . - Is that code ? - Code ? You gotta be kidding me . You think my wife was sending messages in code . What 's going on here ? How come no one will tell me what happened to the Samsara ? There was that one special report and then nothing . Special report . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You 're lying . And you have been lying all along . I have . Yeah , you , the government , for all I know the damn Illuminati ! Someone has a vested interest in keeping the truth from us . If you 're looking to technology to save you , John , you 're looking in the wrong direction . Why are the Chinese suddenly rattling sabers ? Why have our diplomats been expelled from Beijing ? Why are pundits suddenly rethinking the whole space program ? Because it 's an obscene waste of money when people right here on earth are going hungry , and children are dying of cancer . Get out of my house . Don 't try to leave . Pope ? - Hey , girl ! - Hi . - It 's good to see you . / - Good to see you . How are you doing ? - I 'm doing fine . - Good . - See you went shopping . - Yes . - What 'd you get ? - Check this out . Is this real leather ? - I know , right ? - Yeah , it 's so good . Oh , and then ... So this material is super , super soft , right ? Very soft . Well , you didn 't buy me one . Hey ! - God , look what you did ! - Please . Forgive me . - Oh , my God , are you okay ? - Sorry , are you ? Oh , I 'm sorry . I 'm fine . I 'm sorry . Hey , she just took your stuff ! It 's just stuff . She obviously needed it more than I did . Should we order ? You know , you shouldn 't be touching that with your bare hands . Afraid it 's a martian virus ? I 'll take my chances . Ooh . Huh . Looks like something you could pick up in the Arizona desert . Like a little bit like home . Did you ever read William Blake in school ? Sure . " Tyger , tyger , burning bright . In the forests of the night . " I never liked that one much . But " auguries of innocence , " " to see a world in a grain of sand , and a heaven in a wildflower , hold infinity in the palm of your hand , and eternity in an hour . " That 's beautiful . My wife translated all of William Blake 's work . You didn 't tell me you were married . My ex-wife . She was politically unreliable and I wanted to go to Mars . And now here I am , quoting poetry by a 19th century English mystic . When I was a kid , my mother won a cruise to Australia for four . It was one of those contests where you fill out a form , and you forget about it , because no one ever wins . - Somebody has to win . - Right ? My mom won . It was a trip for four , so it was me , my parents , and my mother 's best friend , joy , who was always up for an adventure . And the first night we were at sea , I went out on the deck to look at the stars . Even then I knew I wanted to be an astronaut . And I realized , I didn 't recognize any of the stars . I 'd never been in the Southern hemisphere before . I knew the constellations were different , but to look up at the sky and not recognize - any of the stars was ... - Disorienting ? More of a reminder that you can 't see all sides of the universe looking at it from one perspective . And if we saw earth from space ... That would change everything . I wonder what Newton would have thought of this , you know , of us being here . Building a habitat on Mars is proof that humanity can life on another planet ? He would have been first in line to buy a ticket . And he wouldn 't have minded not coming back . You betcha . You betcha . You need help , hon ? Oh , no , I 'm ... Yes . Yes , I do . Do you have any shoes ? Oh , let me think . These look to be about your size . Thank you . Thank you so much . I can 't pay you for anything . Did I ask you for money ? I 'm sorry . I ... I ... I 'm just not good at being the one asking for help . I 'm sorry . It 's just ... I just feel out of control . You think you 're in control ? The more tightly you hold onto things , the more they slip through your fingers . It 's like trying to stop time , and hold off death . Amelia . No , hon , my name is Evangeline . Evangeline , like the poem . Thank you . You said that already . We are all in this together . And God knows none of us will make it out of here alive . We 're all in this ... Together . Again , thanks , everyone , for sharing tonight . It was good . You look familiar . Have you been here before ? No , it 's my first time . Anything to share ? Not tonight . Just not ready . Well , take your time . Thank you . Hang out . Enjoy the cake and coffee . - The coffee is really good . - Oh , really ? The cakes are kind of stale . Hmm . Chocolate and caffeine . You 've picked up some bad habits , since you 've got back . Lucien . How are you feeling ? I feel great . You 're relieved ? Yeah , I though I 'd become a monster . Because you survived ? Now I can sense things . I can do things . I can do everything I want to do , except the thing I want to do the most . See Amelia again . You 'll see Amelia again . Maybe not in your time frame , but in time . Sounds like something sissy would say . I know I 'll see Amelia again . I know it . And I know that 's the reason why I 'm still here . But why else ? Why ? " Why " is the most useless question in the universe . And yet , it is the question we are born asking . And it 's only answered when we die . So you know the answer , now that you 're dead ? I know that we should not fear this . As for the rest , your guess is as good as mine . Remember what we saw when we flew away from earth ? Remember how even Robert was moved to poetry ? Yeah , and Elvis said that he felt like he overdosed on ecstasy . Yeah , well , Elvis ... So if a spiritual experience can cause a cognitive shift , why can 't it cause a physical evolution , as well ? Someone just took your picture . Go now . Lucien . I 'm just not sure , man . Yeah , remains to be seen . Target 's been spotted , headed West . West . She 's headed to her house . We 'll get there first . Let 's hit it ! Come on . Let 's go . What are you waiting on ? Let 's hit it ! Oh God . What have I done ? What have I done ? Lost ? Seems kind of silly that you can find your way home from Mars , and then get lost in your own hometown . Lost . That 's a good word to describe how I feel . I 'm lost . You heard what they 're saying about our mission , that it was all for nothing , that it cost a fortune and everybody died . Except I didn 't . An inconvenient truth . You have to tell people why we went to Mars . People think that it was to find humanity a new home . It wasn 't ? What do you think ? I think ... I think the real purpose was to look back at our world and see it . Really see it , you know ? The home of all humanity . No borders . No barriers . Just us . That 's what I think . Exactly , and you can share that message . I can 't preach to anyone . I 'm not Jesus , or Mohammad , or Buddha . Or Neo . But who 's talking about preaching ? I 'm talking about showing , not telling . You already know what you can do . You 've already felt it . We 've come so far as a species , but sometimes , we get lost . And every so often , someone special comes along to help us get back on our path , someone who can see the bigger picture that we 're all one , under the sun . That 's kind of abstract . Not sure people would think a hallmark card sentiment was worth the bazillion dollars that it took us to go to Mars and get us back . Well , me back . Mm . But why me ? I 'm not special . Oh , come on . You don 't believe that . I know how hard you worked to put yourself through school . I know what you sacrificed to train for this mission . If you weren 't special , you would have quit a long time ago . But here 's the question ... What would humanity pay for peace ? Peace of mind . No . Peace . As in the absence of aggression , the cessation of hostilities , the end of conflict . Would that be worth the bazillion dollars it took to take us to Mars and bring you back ? You know it would . You can reveal that . - All by yourself in one hour . - What ? You 're not just dead , you 're crazy . One hour ? Kathryn , I 'm a communications guy , right ? I know networks . Right now , humanity is one big mess of individuals acting as if they 're the only ones on the planet , acting with no regard to how their actions affect other people . They 're disconnected . You can change that . Well , if I can ... I can tap into this power , then I can save Amelia . Right ? Right ? I can 't ? I can save humanity , but I can 't save my little girl ? Who made that rule ? You have to let go of your anger . Well I have a right to my anger . You know , I am angry because my little girl is dying . And I 've got 71 amino acids fizzing in my body , and I can mind meld seven billion people , but I can 't save my little girl ? No ! No ! Amelia 's already made her choice . Now you have to choose . What 's it going to be ? It 's too hard . When has anything been too hard for you ? I 'm on my way to the hospital to grieve with my dying daughter over the death of her mother , so I suggest you get the hell out of here Mr. Voss , I understand how you must feel . I don 't think you do . Your family 's in danger . I need you to back inside , until we assess the situation . - No . - Sir , I must insist . Hey , I served in Iraq . I survived the Battle of Fallujah , you think you can stop me from seeing my dying daughter ? Not on your best day . Sir , what do you want us to do ? Stay here and wait for the wife , and if she comes back , take her into custody . I 'll be back at the hospital . Okay . Agent pope , I believe you 've been looking for me . I need help . I 'm Kathryn Voss . How do you know my name ? I honestly don 't know . So what , is that one of your new abilities ? You 're psychic ? I guess so . Don 't be scared . I need a ride to the hospital to see my little girl . I 'm not going to hurt you . You don 't want to kill me , Eli . You 're not angry at me . You 're mad because your wife wants a divorce and you don 't . You think she 's sleeping with your neighbor , but she isn 't . And you love her so much , you 're afraid to tell her how angry you are , because then she might never speak to you again . So you 're angry at me . But I forgive you . Will you forgive me ? I forgive you . We need to go now , Eli . There 's something I need to do , and I don 't have much time . You know ... The reason why you can 't remember what happened on Mars , is because what happened , didn 't happen on Mars . It happened on the way there . I was wondering when you were going to show up . Time is a river . What did I see ? What did I see that caused all this ? You 've already remembered . I don 't know what you 're talking about . We were talking about what we were going to say when we stepped out on Mars for the very first time . And you quoted Yuri Gagarin , " the earth is so beautiful . " Yeah . The planet is so beautiful . We saw the earth . Out the starboard window . It is so beautiful . So blue , so peaceful . And you thought ? And I thought , " we 're all one on this small blue planet . There are no boundaries . There are no nations . It 's just us ... Under the sun . " I am no astrophysicist like some people I know , but I once heard someone say that the unifying principle in all the universe , the glue that puts it all together , is love . Love makes the world go round ? Time is running out , Kathryn . A lunatic named Creighton Bowe has claimed responsibility for the explosion on the Samsara , and has admitted killing the Chinese president three years ago . Why ? He left a manifesto . I did my thesis on the manifesto of mad men and it never really matters why they do things . Left . Stirred up a hornet 's nest and then disappeared , to avoid getting stung . The PRC has nukes , Kathryn . Go away . You 're a figment of my imagination , go . Albert Einstein said that imagination is more important than knowledge . I know . I used to have a T-shirt with that quote printed on it . A world without war . You can make it happen . But if you wait , you will be too late . I am a figment of my own imagination , a ghost walking aimlessly amongst the living . How can I save the world ? I can 't even save my daughter . Our greatest fear is not that we are powerless , but that we are powerful beyond measure . You sound like a fortune cookie . You 're deflecting . You know what you have to do . You know why you were given this task and the power to complete it . Power ? Power has only led me to pain . This universe has made a mistake . There are no mistakes , only reminders . It 's easy to give up , to fall into despair . It is only when we endure , that we find it in ourselves to achieve greatness . But I am all alone . I have no one left . You are not alone . John . Oh my God . John ? You guys don 't have that much time . Roberts will be back . John . Oh my God , John . I thought I 'd never see you again . They told me you were dead . They told me that it wasn 't safe for me to be with you , that I would contaminate you or infect you . We saw the Samsara blow up . We saw it on TV . And then NASA officials said there were no survivors . Then they pulled every scrap of footage off the air , they said that it never happened , that it was a mistake , that we must have imagined it . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't want to believe it , but we saw it blow up . We saw it ! John , there 's something I have to do . That 's the reason I survived this accident . If you 're here , there has to be a reason . I know you 're part of something bigger than my own understanding . - I missed you . - I missed you , too . Every hour you were gone . If you hadn 't gone , you wouldn 't be the woman I fell in love with , and that I love . John . I 'm not strong . I 'm not strong at all . When Amelia got sick , I felt like my whole world was falling apart . I felt so selfish for leaving , but I just couldn 't sit here and watch her die . So I ran and I ran all the way to Mars . I cannot forgive myself for that . But I forgive you Kathryn . Amelia forgives you . You need to forgive yourself . Oh , Amelia . Now go , say goodbye to Amelia , and go do what you have to do . Why 'd you have to survive ? If you 'd just died , everything would have been fine . But no , you had to give the people a miracle so they 'd keep putting their faith in technology . We don 't have to save ourselves . Science will save us . We don 't have to clean up our oceans , because we can just move on to another planet . You survived , and that was a miracle . Well , I don 't believe in miracles . Look at me when I 'm talking to you ! I 'm sorry . Were you having a moment there ? Is it really you ? Yes , beautiful . It 's me . You came home from Mars . I did . I promised , didn 't I ? I had a dream . You took me to a river of stars and we dived in and swam , and there was galaxies floating past us like rainbow fish . We caught them and petted them , and then we threw them back and then we danced in the middle of a cloud of stars . It was so beautiful . You 're so beautiful . You 're crying . Why are you crying ? Sometimes you see something so precious , you just want to hold onto it for as long as you can . Is she in there ? Yes , Dr. Voss is inside . She what ? Just showed up here and waltzed in ? She wanted to speak to her daughter . I found John Voss in her room . You have something to do with that ? There 's a reason she 's alive , sir . She got to you . What if she 's not crazy ? What if we 're the crazy ones ? What if what we 're doing is wrong ? You 're in my way . I don 't want to hurt you , sir . Shame . I can 't say the same about you . Don 't be sad . I wish ... What , baby ? What do you wish ? I heard the nurses talking . Yeah ? They 're scared there 's going to be a war , because the Chinese astronaut burned up . So , I wish for there not to be a war . I wish that tomorrow , everyone would wake up and be happy . - And not be mad any more . - Yeah ? And what about getting well ? Wouldn 't you wish for that ? No . - I think you only get one wish . - Yeah ? And you 'd give up your wish for everybody else ? I 'd give my life for them . Yeah ? Isn 't that what you 're doing ? What ? Come here . It 's beautiful . Help me show it to everyone . How ? Just hold on . It won 't hurt . We are all one .
