 LOADING ... DETECTING CHEMICAL COMPOUND DETECTING CHEMICAL COMPOUND Not bad for your first time ! The supervisors are coming . Rebecca ... Úrsula ! You shouldn 't be here ... But it 's always good to see you . She 's good ... but reckless . She made several mistakes , but I think she deserves another chance . No ! Don 't fail us again ... Finish the job . " I trust you . Everything will be fine ! Rebecca " The suspect is in the area . Sending holographic identikit . Razor was very clear , we must find Fulcanelli no matter what ! SEARCHING - FINDING Good work . Quiet , subtle , and a bit theatrical . I like it . There 's not much more I can teach you . Who am I ... and how did I get here ? POSITIVE It all began a long time ago ... Lisa , please , don 't be this way . Honey , honey , please don 't cry ... We need the money . Honey , It 's just for a few days , please understand . I love you ... It wasn 't fair for him to leave without knowing ... But what happened next wasn 't fair to me . I 've found it . You make too much noise . Leave him ! Montalban , that 's not the deal . We agreed we would handle security . Well , you 'd better watch your dogs . Dogs ? Wolves , Montalban , wolves ! I train wolves . Wolves , dogs ... I couldn 't care less . Jin . Come in , soldier . I want to know if you have any news . The portal is here . It 's a 550 yard round perimeter ... and we will lose the ability to use electronic equipment . And the weapons ? Will we lose them too ? Maybe we 'll lose the automatic sights but they 'll work fine manually , sir . Bring Fulcanelli here . Yes , sir ! Cortés says to get Fulcanelli ready . Release him . As you can see , we 've found a portal between two worlds . It 's about 28 miles from here . It will be a 20 hour walk or more . We will need your cooperation . Yes , maybe . Let me make this clear to you ! You are the one who knows how to open the portal and deal with those demons . Therefore you open the portal , you close it , and in exchange we 'll give you back your cards and you 'll be a free man . Yes , and I 'll live happily ever after , right ? I know that tale . But when the story really ends either you or your thug will be back to cut my throat . Do you have any choice ? You can die here , right now , or have a chance , an opportunity . Who knows what 's going to happen , right ? I want a cigar . Let me explain something to you . We will be invoking a seventh circle demon . A very powerful one . He won 't be in a good mood , considering you 'll be waking him up from a thousand year sleep . So you must know certain rules . Do not cover your face . Do not look into his eyes and do not say the same word twice in the same sentence . Just one broken rule means our death . You can only give something in exchange for something you want . Are you willing to give him the box ? Do you know what 's going to happen if that damn box crosses through the portal ? E-vo-lution ! You cannot comprehend the world that is coming . Yes , I 've seen it . Two thousand years of the same shit ! It is written all over the flesh of the ancient messiah that a new one will come to open the gates of a new aeon . He will join worlds and species . Humans and demons together will be combined to be more powerful than the gods themselves ! You 're crazy . Poisoned with pride . The only thing you 'll get from this is a new war . A total and absolute age of darkness . Hey ! Not so fast , wizard ! Before this day ends , I 'll see you in hell . That 's where we 're going . Let 's move on ! Comrades , you already know , we will do what 's necessary . As always . You have a family . Yes , a beautiful woman is waiting for you . You 're a loyal soldier , but also a human being , aren 't you ? I don 't have any choice , but you do . If you keep following orders from that moron you 'll condemn us all . You , your family and all your descendants will burn in hell . We 're close . These are the rules to follow , soldiers . Remove your helmets and uncover your faces . Remember , do not look directly into his eyes and do exactly what I say if you want to get out in one piece . The cards . One is missing . That one I 'll keep . You won 't escape again ! Fine . May God helps us all . Don 't look into the demon 's eyes or he 'll rip yours out ! I have invoked you for an exchange . Grant our wish and the contents of that box will be yours . Those are the rules . What do you want ? Montalban . What do we want ? Lord of the abyss , destroyer of universes ... Make it short , or we won 't live to tell the tale . This servant comes in total humility to ask you for a pinch , a fragment of power ... Power ! Do not repeat the same word , damn it ! All the power in the universe ! Soldier ! Protect the box ! Were you not listening when the wizard said you should not look into my eyes ? You make too much noise , mortal . The deal , you 're bound to fulfill it ! Bastard , you led us into a trap ! Hey , it 's not my fault if your boss is an asshole who breaks the rules . You won 't get out of here alive ... Cortés , my friend , this was a weapon loaded by the Devil , you should know it by now . Give my regards to him ! Consider it a favor . Only because I like you . You 'll get the chance to return it . You can only take the box in exchange for something , Those are the rules . Those are the rules ! Either you are too brave ... or you are too foolish ... What do you want ? We will meet again and settle our disagreement ! You just condemned us all , fool ! Where is your husband ? I don 't know ... I haven 't seen him in weeks . Let 's wait for him together then . It breaks my heart to see you like this . There 's no need to go on like this , my dear . We 're all here for a purpose , and The Lord ... put you in our path to help us . I don 't know anything ... I swear I don 't know ... Don 't swear . I swear that I don 't know anything ... I swear- - Look at this . MONTALBAN FUNDATION ANNUAL FUNDRAISING My brother went out on a mission with a group of mercenaries a few weeks ago , ... and he never came back . Not him or anyone else , they vanished into thin air . We 've begged God to send us a sign , and here you are , Lisa ... Please ... You are our sign . Please , let me go home ... Please , I swear that I don 't know anything , let me go ... - Take her away . - No , no ... The life growing inside my womb gave me a reason to keep going . Waiting for the moment that Razor would come to rescue me from this nightmare . He 'd never abandon me ... Help me ! - Where is your husband ? - I don 't know ... Where the hell is he ? All right gentlemen , this is the only offer I have for you ... I chose not to feel in order to survive . But when you run out of reasons to live , any feeling keeps you going ... We 've got some news that might interest you . CONFIDENTIAL Now we know that Razor , or Razorback as he calls himself nowadays , ... never went back home . We have been keeping a close eye on him for months . Her name is Úrsula , his right hand woman , and the most important amongst his lovers . Aren 't they a cute couple ? Most impressive ... You will not get him back , but you can change the course of events . Embrace all your feelings , Lisa . They 're there to remind us what our purpose is . POSITIVE REBELS ARE THE ENEMY . WANTED . BOUNTY . Who sent you to take pictures of me ? Nobody ... I know I have an irresistible charm , but , you know what ? I 'm not convinced . It 's not the first time that a lowlife scum like you tried to photograph me . What are you looking for ? The bounty ... I only want ... the money . Now I have another question for you , and you better start talking because no human can endure this much pain . What the hell is that symbol ? Razor became a powerful man . He had found his destiny through darkness , death and conquest . He thought he had unlimited power . But life has a curious sense of justice ... Come in , I 've been expecting you . Your face looks familiar ... Do we know each other ? You might have seen me dealing with the Montalbans . Well , " dealing " is an understatement ... What is this ? An insignia ... It 's a symbol of protection . It was carved onto the box that crossed over the Other Side . I know that . I forged it myself . It was I who summoned and imprisoned that " thing " inside the ark . Look no further ... This is what you seek . The artifact is linked to the homunculus you sent to the Other Side ... It 's like ... a mirror of his existence . What happens when the last drop falls ? The homunculus inside the box will die , and his actual master will return to our world . Interesting ... And with what purpose ? To claim what he temporarily lent you ... Your life , Razor . You can 't help it , boy . Nothing can 't stop it now . Tempus fugit . Your reign has an expiration date . I give you two choices : One , stop this clock now . Two , death ! My time to choose ended a long time ago , while dealing with the Montalbans . Now I have no choices . Not just because I can 't , but also because I don 't want to . You 're a man with principles . I respect that . WANTED . BOUNTY . LUCIO FULCANELLI . PUBLIC ENEMY There comes a time when you need to become something else to understand who you are . On this path we are sometimes accompanied by an angel ... and sometimes a demon . Sometimes both things can be one in the same . I 'm not Lisa anymore , I ceased to be her months ago . Do you know what " Shibari " means ? Welcome to the team , Shibari . My abilities and rage filling up my body and mind gave me a new sense of hope ... But I wasn 't the only one who regained faith . Razor also found something that could change it all . We never knew the origins of those four girls ... But they were trained day and night with a sole purpose : One of them would be asigned to protect Razor against the demon , and battle with him when he returns . We 're very close to the final trials , and only one of you will be chosen to defend Razorback . This last test is called " Baptism " . You will only have this one weapon . This gun will shoot out a chemical compound , which will knock out the demons out for a few minutes . Just a few minutes . This will allow enough time for the weapons system to lock on its targets . It 's a very powerful and painful impact ... Something like that . Do you understand ? It is written all over the flesh of the ancient Messiah that the chosen one will come to open the gates of a new aeon , in which humans and demons will be combined into a single species . Arteeka told me that your training is complete . Finally , and thank The Lord , we 've accessed reliable information over Razor 's whereabouts . The order is to execute him . Of course . That man is the one responsible for my brother 's disappearance ... And as a sinner , he must be punished . The honor of the Montalbans it 's now in your hands . I know . Please Lord help us ... You seen that new VT-16 ? Yeah . The guys were telling me about it . They say it 's quite a thing to see ... I 'll tell you once I 've tried it . POSITIVE Release the demons . Are you ok ? I couldn 't do it ! I figured . I thought I was ready for anything . Listen to me . The only way to kill a man you once loved is to look right into his eyes to see if some of that love remains and letting him see in your eyes all the pain he brought upon you . There , death will have a meaning and a sense of justice ... We must continue your training in order for you to be ready to fulfill your purpose , so you can attain the name of Shibari , Lisa . REWARD FOR LUCIO FULCANELLI That one . Must be dead for days because he reeks . REWARD Hey ! Wake him up ! Pick him up and search him ! Vermin ... A sneaky rat like this one is worthless . Cortés ? I never imagined in my life that we 'd see each other again ... You look nicer when your mouth is shut ! Cortés died , remember ? He died along with the rest of the Wolf Patrol . On the other hand Fulcanelli is a big name nowadays . Beautiful irony ... How many times will I have to point a gun at your head to get what I want ? Wizard ? Hey , wait a minute , buddy . What you should know is that you owe me . If that demon had found you , you wouldn 't have survived to tell the tale . Then you owe me , Cortés . That 's true . I grant you that . Cortés is indebted to you . But it just so happens that I 'm not Cortés , so I owe you nothing . What happened to you , bud ? What do we have here ? A mercenary with no code of honor ? I thought that mercenaries were the only ones who kept some honor in these lands ! Pay attention , look at me . Do I look like a mercenary to you ? Now I 'm a businessman . And you should know that if there 's someone you can 't trust , it 's a businessman . Alrigh ... Alright ... You 're not Cortés . No . Now , then ... I 'm not Fulcanelli . I 'm just a drunk bum waiting to be eaten by cockroaches . I don 't know you . You don 't know me ... Deal ? They 're here ... Anyway , it 's too late for that . They 're coming for you . Don 't do it , Cortés , Razorback will never pay ! He 's different now and won 't answer to your commands ! He might not remember us at all ! We shall see ... Comrades , you already know ... We will do what 's necessary ... As always . It 's a gift . For those good old times ... Soldier . All right , all right ... You know I 'm quite keen of these family gatherings ... But , aren 't we forgetting something very important ? You wouldn 't ... - The bill ! - It 's mine ! - It 's mine ! - Grab it ! Over there ! He 's getting away ! The wizard ! That rat won 't go too far without his cards . Catch him ! You have no idea who you 're dealing with ! Didn 't you see my posters plastered all over Teo-City ? Haven 't you heard about the price on my head ? That 's because I 'm a very tough guy ! Hey , sweetheart ... Nice eyes . Is there a woman underneath ? You won 't ever make it easy , right ? Don 't try anything funny . The rooftop is wired with explosives . Let 's finish this transaction in peace ... or no one gets out alive . Keep your word ! I 'm a mercenary , I always keep my word . Fine , fine ... Just a moment . You have something that belongs to me . Now ... We 're done . No more debts . You don 't have honor , bastard . Even if you 're wearing sheep 's clothing you 'll always be a dog . A wolf , Fulcanelli , a wolf . I am and always will be a wolf . All right , you take the wizard , we 've never met before . I want you all out of here or everything will blow up ! This is my territory and you 're not welcome anymore ! REMOTE DETONATOR / SYSTEM STARTING ON CAUTION I love happy endings . This time I agree with you , Razor ... Hey , wait ! What are you doing ? I am looking for a way back . Are you listening to yourself ? We don 't have a clue where the hell we are . Even though the view from here is not bad at all ... You 're pathetic , a phony ! Don 't you have special powers to get us out of here ? I just brought us to this place by mistake . It 's not like pulling a rabbit out a hat , sweetheart . I need some time to get my energy back . How much time do you need ? - Twenty-three ... - Minutes ? Hours ! But look on the bright side ... We will have time to get to know each other , right ? Hey , what the hell are you ? Why do you still look impeccable ? Well , I don 't even know your name . That 's not important . Look . We have about eighteen more hours before we can get out of here . And without my cards I am just a regular street fair magician . I am ... They named me Rebecca . " Me " , " they " ... How many fathers do you have , doll ? You 're such a fool , wizard . I 'm not human . Oh no , then what ? A Demon ? I am a D.S.C. " Disposable Synthetic for Combat " . Trust me , you are anything but a ... robot . Do you feel thirst , fear , heat or confusion ? Well , I don 't . I only have one purpose . Then you wouldn 't mind if I stare at you silently for what 's left to go ? Well , the silent part is something I can 't really promise . You see , you see ? Those are feelings . I call them reflexes . Works for me ! Far better than average reaction to my charms . So ... are there others like you ? I mean ... Others that might have a thing with me ? I mean ... Are you all the same or do you come in different models ? Listen ... Can 't you use the stars as guidance or something ? It doesn 't work that way , sweetheart . We have to wait , and what I 'd really like right now is to make that wait more ... pleasurable . Don 't you ever shut up wizard ? What should I need to do to keep your mouth shut ? You can start by taking your clothes off ... The problem with Fulcanelli is that he can only travel through space . If I could travel back in time , I 'd freeze it in the precise moment I made you smile . Still doubtful as to what I am ? Would you shut up now ? Alright , alright , no need ! Enough ! Put your clothes back on ! What the hell are you ? Listen ... Listen ... There may be a ritual that I can do . Probably will help us to get out of here sooner . But ... I need your help . A long time ago ... the Archangels lost their Paradise and came back to reclaim ours . Azazel headed the bloody conquest leading her best warriors . In despair and on the brink of extermination the humans made a pact with the fallen ones . That pact was written on the flesh of the new Messiah . Time went on ... What happens when the last drop falls ? His actual master will return to our world . Interesting . And with what purpose ? To claim what he temporarily lent you ... Your life , Razor ... Razorback needed a way to save his life . He tried everything , using any means and methods possible . Until he found the only being that could help him . Azazel 's power was too dangerous , but that didn 't stop Razorback . Wipe her memory clean . It took three identical D.S.C. to convince her that she was built with one purpose and without a will of her own . It can 't be , it can 't be ! Fulcanelli , why did you want to know everything , damn it ! Did it work ? What ? What thing ? The ritual , that thing you just did . All I know is that we have to get out of here as soon as possible . Hey ! Hey ! Shut up and move ! Listen , I 'm not joking now . I need you to do what I say again . I have to take you to see a friend that might help us ... Shut up ! The only friend we will see is Razorback ! I knew it . Let 's get the wizard , then we 'll get Razor . That scoundrel will pay for what he has done ! We all know that usually my only concern is saving my own ass , but you can 't imagine how important this ... You both are making a big mistake . She is not ... what ... We have the wizard , let 's go ! We brought the wizard ! We came for the bounty ! Hands off ! We only deal with Razorback in person . I 'm sure we can think of something to fix this thing . I have some hidden talents which ladies appreciate a lot ... This is bad , this is real bad ... They are here , sir . Take their weapons ! If you touch us , the wizard dies ! You , look at me . Look at me straight in the eyes . You can 't say you don 't remember me . This is the bitch that killed Úrsula , sir . You can 't say you don 't remember me ! That hurt , she was a good woman . Now you will feel a lot more pain . Stop ! We brought you the wizard ! Now , keep your mercenary oath ! I am not a mercenary ... I am a god . My love ... I won 't stop that clock . You can 't , not you or anyone ... I have other plans for you . What the hell is that ? Don 't you recognize it ? It 's a portal . I won 't wait here for that demon to come here to kill me while I sleep . My plan is to fight him on my own turf , with my own rules . You are crazy . Do you think Rebecca will help you ? Look ... Maybe I 'll grant you that she can fight the demon . She ... She has that power . But as soon as she recalls who she is and all about her mission ... That will be our demise . That won 't happen . Her reprogramming was long and surgical . She is not a machine . She is Azazel ! Call her what you want , but she has more power in one of her fingers than you , me and all your army together ! I warned you once ... You didn 't listen and condemned your whole family . This time ... you should listen to me , Razor . Do what I say for once , you goddamn ape ! Professor Kabuto . All is set . We only need Fulcanelli to activate the portal . Perfect . I hope Rebecca is up to the challenge . She will . Either way , we are prepared for any kind of inconveniences . If anything goes astray , here is your containment plan . I won 't open up that portal ! You 're going to have to kill me ... It won 't be necessary . Your body will be enough . You could be dead and it would be the same . But I 'd miss all the fun ... You were created for this ... Now is the moment to fulfill your destiny . What are you doing here Azazel ? Is this your welcoming committee ? Demons ? I 'm surprised by your naivety , Azazel ... You know me enough . My children ... You are free ! By now , they should know who 's loading the weapons ... No ! Don 't kill me ! No ! Please don 't kill me ! No ! Please ! You don 't deserve death . I 've got something much more interesting for you . Ancient Spirits of Evil ... Transform this decayed form ... DETECTING CHEMICAL COMPOUND Trust me . Everything is going to be ok . Is this what you 're looking for ? Remember when I told you we will meet again to settle our disagreement ? Well ... Now it 's time for you to pay for my pain and suffering , you fool ! Here it is ... Hey , doll ! Filmed in Buenos Aires City and several locations on Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
