 The movement of the sea was among the first movements on earth . The countless number of times in which flow followed ebb showed a certain regularity , a steadiness that began long before our age and would outlast us forever . But where did the certainty come from , that every night would turn to day , every winter would turn to summer , and every ebb would turn to flow ? The day the tide failed to come in the people from the village were utterly amazed . But this amazement soon gave way to a feeling of unease . It wasn 't just the high tide that had gone missing , it was more than that . Even as they were standing on the beach , staring into the emptiness , a sense of foreboding came upon them . And they knew they 'd never be the same again . Search parties ranged the village and the surrounding area for months . They followed every lead and left no stone unturned . There wasn 't a single villager who didn 't draw their suspicion . They were looking for a crime , an accident , for some kind of explanation , but they couldn 't find it . The children of the village had vanished without a trace . WE ARE THE TIDE Man , what are you doing here ? I 'd like six beers and have one yourself . Is it your birthday ? Much better . I got a Yes . Who from ? - Princeton ! Next term I 'm off to the States . Congrats . - Thanks . 18 . - Keep the rest . How 's your project going ? Your project , how 's it going ? I 'm attending on the committee tomorrow . - Great . So it 's going well . You know the score . Keep fighting ! That 's what I did . GRAVITATIONAL ANOMALY WINDHOLM It 's why we need you as physics pioneers . And with that , welcome to the Humboldt University of Berlin . Here 's the first lesson we will teach you . We don 't applaud here , no , we follow the old gentleman practice of knocking on the benches . You may try it out now , as I introduce to you one of our finest . My assistant will acquaint you with one of the institute 's current research priorities as presented in his PhD thesis . Here is ... Michael Wiedmer . People say we live in a time that no longer holds secrets . During your study of physics you will at least learn one thing : this is not true . On the 5th of April , 1994 , off the coast of Windholm , the sea disappeared . One morning the periodic change of ebb and flow was disrupted by a spontaneous anomaly . The tidal range , usually about 4 meters , had shifted dramatically because of it . It left a steady , semi-radial dry area of 11.5 km at its widest point . The cause of this anomaly remains unexplained to this day . My research project involves a further series of measurements and a stay in Windholm to check these values . The gravitational constant was taken for granted in all previous measurements ... Well , it is a constant . In a world that follows natural laws , yes , but ... why assume so in the case of Windholm ? I mean , of course it is bold , but it 's also a new approach . If you would come to a conclusion ? Certainly . This project has been accompanying me for years . And with your support I would like to take it a further step forward . We have to take some risks . Again , and not for the last time in the history of science . Thank you for your attention . - Thank you . Please take a seat outside while we confer . When will this stop ? - What ? Sitting outside their doors , waiting . I thought you were in Lisbon . No , that was Almada . Didn 't you see me yesterday ? You 've got a new project , right ? No . Not submitting anything ? I 'm just dropping by the secretary 's office . Why ? I quit . I ... Okay , you can come in now . I 'd really like to know how you thought this was going to work . These villagers lost their children ! Do you know what 's going on there ? - Yes , but that was years ago . And to this day they don 't know what happened . They believe in all kinds of hazy theories . You can 't just march in there and take measurements . I 'd just need a day to get the data ... - That 's our responsibility . Windholm 's no place for novices . People have been going in and out for 18 years . It 's my hypothesis , am I right ? Too far-fetched for you ? Here 's a question for you , Professor . Weren 't you going to promote my project ? Thanks to Prof. Feuerstein you 've got a chance at a postdoctoral project at all . He 's agreed to offer you a part-time position in his current research project . Phase-conjugating SBS mirrors . An exciting field of work , I think . You can prove yourself there too . - Stick with it . Learn to fight for your ideas . Thank you . Thank you . Has anyone changed their mind ? If you want to stay overnight , you could check in with a two-day pass . I 've been paying for your studies for nine years ! Has it all been in vain ? Maybe I just never found a subject ? - How could you , on holiday in Portugal ? Self-discovery rubbish , or something ? Or burnout ? Dad , I don 't have burnout . - Then what is it ? You know what ? Maybe I do have burnout . See ? It 'll all pan out . It was a good day today , right ? Listen , when you leave lock up again , okay ? Have a nice evening . RESEARCH ASSIGNMENT for Michael Wiedmer What 's going on here ? I 'm not into SBS optics . They 'll know right away that the equipment 's missing . If I find out anything in Windholm , nobody will care where the gravimeters came from . I 'm taking a plane back on Friday . In that case ... Micha , are you running away from me ? Me , from you ? I 've been here the whole time . I stuck with this thing all year . You 're the one who comes and goes and ... I can manage by myself ! - How will you get there ? By city train ? Get in . Hi there , IDs , please . Wiedmer , Research Seminar Windholm , Humboldt University of Berlin . You 're not on my list . We do have authorization . In writing . And who 's she ? My boss 's daughter . Could I have those ... - I 'm keeping them . Where are we ? - We 're here . Excuse me , we 're looking for a room . We 're from Berlin , from the Institute ... - Of Creative Self-discovery . We 're like those wasted city folks who want to do some relaxing and take our minds off things . Is there anything available ? Man ! Do you pay cash ? What were you saying ? We don 't want everyone to know . Besides , it 's true . Hang on , Jana . Where is this thing ? It should be marked here . - Looks like an ordinary low tide . Very different from the photographs . There it is ! Where ? Yes , that 's it . Luckily you brought a map . It downloads the data from the tower over a radio link . That means ... you just enter the values you need , light-pointer deflection , oscillation duration , swings ... and off we go ! 12 hours ? Maybe the reception isn 't ideal . How strange that nothing grows here . Antenna seems okay . - ... After 15 years ? You 're not even listening , are you ? Not a single plant ? Maybe there 's a problem with the signal strength on the other side . It must 've been some current ! It 's amazing that they never found the kids . And then these little wind wheels the parents put up . Every one of them representing a child . And you show no reaction ? Don 't you care at all ? I can 't be bothered with that right now . I just skipped the meat . - That 's fine , thanks . And if there 's anything else you would like ... No , thanks . They 're proper guests ! He keeps staring at us . Tobias ! Daniil , get a grip ! But it 's him ! What are you doing here ? What ? Get out of here . This isn 't a zoo ! Yeah , it 's all right . Leave it . Come on , let 's go . Stay ! I 've got some desert ... No , thanks . - Maybe next time . But it 's him ! Tobias ! CONNECTION TO TERMINAL INTERRUPTED Shit . Who did this ? Which one of you meddles with stuff he doesn 't know anything about ? That 's what I 'd like to know ! I don 't think anyone here knows what you 're talking about . I 'm talking about the fact that I was close to getting a major step ahead . With that ... we could 've returned your damned sea . Guests from the city , eh ? A lousy nobody from that crappy institute is what you are ! You were welcome here ... - Never talk to them like that again ! What do you want ? You won 't find out anything here . What do you know ? Bugger off ! I 'm sorry . You wouldn 't have done this in the old days . You 'd have been on fire . How 's this my fault ? You know as well as I do . If you hadn 't disappeared , your dad would 've waved the project through . That 's what you 've been thinking ? Pitiful . - What 's pitiful is you quitting university and hiding in Portugal . - So what was I doing in Portugal ? You don 't even get why I 'm here ! You 're not here at all . Forgive me . I 've been looking for you . I didn 't mean to frighten you yesterday , and today ... today I didn 't mean to either . Sorry . Forget it . You know what the worst part is ? That he just disappeared . There was never any goodbye . Every day I ask myself what Tobias would look like now . I recognize him ... among the tourists . On TV . When I saw your friend yesterday ... I 'm sorry . You 're still so young . You 've no idea what I 'm talking about . I do . Sure . Jana , please open the door . What do you think it was like for me when you 'd left Berlin all of a sudden ? You could 've at least given me call . Two weeks later some new guy was in your chair . He didn 't make copies after hours . He went home at five . Man , Jana , all the stuff you made copies of . Poor rain forest . It wasn 't easy to carry on without you . Now you are just looking on . Yet you know how everything works . Better than anyone . You think I don 't know ? Maybe it really is better to go home . Please don 't leave . What are you doing in our room ? - I wanted to see who you were . I live downstairs with Sophie . She 's my mum . I didn 't know there were any kids left . No , there aren 't . I 'm the only one left . Why do you two want to leave again ? Somebody broke off the antenna , so there 's nothing left for me to do . Come up with something . What ? Hanna ? Be at the bus stop at six . Hanna ? What 's up ? Many people used to recuperate here by the seaside . They stayed in the hospital and went for walks on the beach during the day . Karl used to be outside quite a lot before the fence was put up . He was with the soldiers when they were looking for the children . When they left he bought their equipment and carried on searching by himself . There 's an idea ! Why don 't you go there yourself ? What ? - Well , you could go to the tower and get what you need yourself . It 's them . The children didn 't drown . They 're still there . They aren 't children . They 're charged particles of the solar winds hitting the earth 's atmosphere . Electrons and protons . Listen here , Wiedmer , do you still have all your marbles ? Could you explain to me why I get a call from Windholm , saying two of my students are wandering around there ? 'Cause I don 't really understand . Yes , I 'm so sorry about the way things turned out , but I 'm on the brink of ... you 're not on the brink of anything ! you 're on the brink of being fired ! The values ... The gravitational constant 's values ... - I don 't care about your constant ! Wiedmer , you can 't do this ! you and my daughter get back here , and I 'll keep that nighttime call to myself . Wiedmer ? Wiedmer , did you get that ? - Yes , thank you . Shit ! What are you doing here ? Give me a hand ! Who 's there ? Where 've you been all day ? I just had to get away . About this afternoon ... I 'm sorry . You were right . I really used to be on fire about this . Somehow I can 't go for it anymore . We gave up everything for it last year . But we 're still outside their doors , waiting . Come on , just to the tower . We 're far too quiet . NO JUMPING OFF THE EDGE OF THE POOL We won 't wait anymore ! You hear ? Fuck you ! Take care of your own shit ! Fuck you ! - D 'you think we 're afraid of you ? PLEASE JUMP OFF THE EDGE OF THE POOL You know what happens when we get home with results ? GRAVITATIONAL CONSTANT G They 'll shake hands at the institute and say they 've always supported us . SIGNIFICANT DISCREPANCY ... 827 DATA PACKETS ANALYZED NO SIGNIFICANT DISCREPANCY FOUND Man , Micha , forget about the numbers . Maybe this is about something else . Maybe you just can 't calculate what happened here . Did we make a mistake ? I won 't go any further . Why not ? Is there anything you want to tell me ? Did we make a mistake ? Did we make a mistake ? Did we make a mistake , Micha ? Go on , tell me ! Did we make a mistake ? Micha ! Micha , come on ! You 're scaring me , Micha ! Micha ! Shit . Are you crazy ? - Why didn 't you leave , like I told you to ? Suddenly I was left alone with this decision . I kept going through every scenario . I learned about the pregnancy ... and Berlin was so cold . I didn 't feel like strolling through frozen dog shit . In the middle of my studies , no money ... We weren 't even really a couple . Still , there was one image that never left me . I even dreamed about it . I 'm at my old shared apartment , coming down the stairs . Am I doing the right thing ? Someone 's sitting there . Holding me back . I know it 's you . Then what ? Then nothing . You weren 't there that day . There is someone out there ! Did you see anything ? Are they out there ? The emptiness scares some people . When they 're standing in front of the fence they wonder what they 've achieved . What 's become of them . When they look out over the emptiness they don 't feel like they 're looking out , but like they 're looking into themselves . They put up a fence , but no fence can protect them from that . They can 't run away from it . It 's not this village , it 's not the vanished children , not the deserted parents , the fear comes from within themselves . What are you hiding ? What 's happened to your children ? They 're out there ! Do you think it 'll do any good ? The pool ? - Yes . So things get back to the way they were . Well ... I wouldn 't say it won 't do any good . The things you all wouldn 't say ! Why won 't anyone say what he would say ? I 'm not a child anymore . So who 's going to swim here ? I 'd jump in , but I forgot my arm floats . Do you see that ? It 's tilting . The water 's tilting . You 're back , yeah ? What 's happened to you ? Fell down . Hobo . Micha , we 've been so stupid . Everyone 's been stupid . We 've all been looking for something that attracts the high tide , but what if there 's something that repels it ? Negative gravity . Dark matter . I 've found a swimming pool in which the water is tilting . On shore ! Look at it ! If the gravitation works on land too , the anomaly isn 't a half-circle . but a circle all round the village . And a circle has a center . That 's what we have to find . What 's the matter ? I thought you 'd be with me right away . This is no longer about some data that these pen pushers sent us . We can make a real discovery here ! I saw a child out there . Jana , a boy . What ? Where ? Behind the fence . On the mudflats . We can 't undo this anymore . Do you think I 'm going crazy ? I don 't know . Find out . Hanna ? Hello . Hanna ? Who 's that boy ? - I don 't know . They 're my mom 's . Where did you go to school around here ? Months before the kids disappeared , one of them was sick all the time . Matti . In the end he stopped coming to school at all . Wait a minute . " Unfortunately , your son Matti failed to answer a single question . Instead he made calculations during the test the nature of which defies me . We need to talk . If I 'm right , his maths are on the level of a college graduate . " Daniil wrote that . This can 't be right . - What ? If this is true ... Matti made the exact same calculations . These are my calculations . Matti knew the sea would disappear before it happened . He 's a special boy . So this is where Daniil used to live . We can 't go in there . What ? I thought you 'd be with me ! Daniil 's wife killed herself here . " My biggest wish is to sail round the world in a boat . " " I want to be a helicopter pilot . " " My biggest wish is to be able to stop time . " Matti , 10 years old . I 'm going to get Oskar . Matti ! Matti ! Here ! I 'm here ! Come back ! I 'm waiting for you . Matti ! Anybody there ? Matti ? Matti ? Mom ? Are you there ? How much longer are we going to wait for them , Mom ? What if they don 't want to come back ? Mom ? The wind 's good today . Let 's fly the kite . What do you say ? - Okay . I 've got everything here to fix it . It 'll be ready to fly in no time . It 's gonna go off like a rocket ! THE MOON We 've almost found the center . Here , I 've measured the deviation in several places . Here 's the swimming pool , on shore . The anomaly forms a circle . If the center is made up of dark matter , it could reject the water in all directions . Come on , we 're nearly there . What are you doing in his room ? This is my son Matti 's room . " Tunguska 1908 " always was the code . - Get out . You 've no business here . I know each and every one of these books . - Get out , I said . - I had that very same moon base ! I wanted to be an astronaut too . Those are my calculations ! Mine . A nine-year old can 't do them . - What do you mean he can 't ? They 're there . They 're all there ! All of them ! He was a real inventor . An explorer . Not just in here , in here ! But he never had the chance . Do you have any idea what it means when a boy goes up to his father and says , " Daddy , why ? " and you can 't answer him ? So where is he , your boy ? Yes , I think it 's here . Come on . April 5th , 1994 . Matti dies and the sea disappears that very same day . That can 't be a coincidence . Here are all the old files . Maybe there 's something in them about Matti . The values are getting worse here . That 's why he came here more often , and stayed longer . It says here he loved to go to the beach . At the end he started hallucinating . He really believed he could stop time . Because time was running out for him . So do you think anyone can make it move forward again ? At least let me call my father . Put some clothes on . - That 's ours . - Get dressed ! Put the phone down . - What 's going on ? - Illegal entry onto a restricted military area and vandalizing state property . Come with us . Jana ! No signal . I can 't reach him . - Let 's go . - Come on ! I can 't reach anyone . Hurry up ! - Micha , we have no contact to the outside world . - Move it ! Come along ! - Where are you taking us ? To the base . - You 'll be picked up tomorrow . No ! If we leave now , everything will stay the way it was . Let 's rest . Tomorrow we 'll be out of here anyway . I can 't leave yet . There 's no one there anymore . We 're in sort of a hurry . Come on ! You 've got what you wanted ! They 'll give us a roasting , but we have the data . They 'll save us . - You think that 's what I wanted ? What ? Maybe , just once , I wanted to save you ! Quiet . Dear Daddy , I heard you crying every night ever since I asked you , " Why ? " Why I have to die , even though I am just a child . And you 're right . There is , after all , a law of nature , saying boys bury their fathers , not the other way round . But you don 't have to be sad any longer . Since the laws of nature no longer apply , I will stop time . I 've been going to the beach every morning for a year . The intervals are getting bigger . The low tide keeps lasting longer . I 'm waiting for the day when the high tide reaches our village for the very last time . At school we were told to make a drawing of our biggest wish . So I drew just that : how the sea disappears and time stops . you told me dreams may come true , if we truly believe in them . It was my mistake last year . I 'm sorry I wasn 't there that day . The day will come when all this changes . And when , on that day , the other children from the village come to my bed they will no longer find me . On that day I will take the boat and put out to sea . With its dying strength the sea will carry me forth until the boat runs aground . At that spot you can walk in every direction . When I get out , it will be like this : everything has stopped . Nothing moves anymore . And then they will all follow me into this world where you never have to grow up , never have to die . Who knows ? Maybe the children are in a better place now . My biggest wish is a house in the hills . I want to get good grades . - I want my parents to get back together . I want peace and freedom for all peoples of the earth . Time passes and it always has . Children turn into adults , dreams give way to reality , and people disappear . - Micha ! And even if there 's nothing we want more , we can never turn back . The first days after Micha disappeared we stood on the beach , beaten . Everything had happened all over again . He had followed them too , fleeing from a world that disappointed him . That 's what we thought . How wrong we were is something we only understood much later . For something had changed . Come on , come on ... Fly ! Yes , it 's flying ! As kids we dreamed of a better world . We wanted to be a movement . We wanted to be many , like the incoming tide . Now that we 're older , the low tide has long caught up with us . It will no longer let go of us . But we 're not afraid of it anymore . It has grown on us . It is part of us . It will not get the better of us . We 're on the brink of change , starting to arm ourselves and make plans , even if you fail to notice yet . One of us went out and brought back the tide . You can drive on today , this was my last tour .
