 Do you use ketamine ? No , pentobarbital . The first injection will induce sleep . So any pain sunny-girl is experiencing will stop . The second injection will slowly shut down her functions . Then she can have a blessed eternal rest . Are you a professional or a psychic pet whisperer ? There 's not much that can be done because of her age , Mel . Her stomach 's flipped . The surgery would be too stressful . She just- - she wouldn 't survive . Oh , Jack . Goodbye , proud girl . I appreciate you getting sunny-girl and me . I know this is killing you inside . Take the time . Let it play out . Do you want that box of notebooks still in the hallway ? I 'll get it when i pick up the rest of the stuff from the garage . Which will be ? I 've got a review tomorrow . The alfa needs a battery . And I 'm sleeping on a couch in my mother 's studio . That 's why I haven 't collected the rest of my things . I see your follow-through outside the lab hasn 't changed . I 'll speak with you later . Jack . Don 't shove it aside , ok ? It 'll come back and kick you in the ass later . Morning , Medina . Cheers , ram . Sunny-girl ? She went last evening . Arey . I thought she would have a couple months . I know . It 's so sad . Is Dr. sutree ok ? When you think of smell detection , it 's the nose interacting with the brain . Olfaction . We are the only research group seriously looking into the molecular basis of olfaction involving sight . Does this liquid emit an odor ? How would you know ? Its molecules have to be wafting through the air , and our noses have to be fairly close . But if you could see odors , think of how helpful that would be . You 'd know something about the contents without the unpleasant experience . A major gas leak could be detected from miles away . I probably even know which one of you had coffee brewed from robusta beans this morning . This is quite a departure from the original study , Jack . I mean , insects carry a large number of debilitating diseases . Stopping that spread has always been about using traditional methods to identify what attracts them . Don 't underestimate light . Light . It 's a food . It nourishes our bodies with vitamin d . It has mass . It occupies space . We now know it can be slowed and stopped . Yes , stopped . It actually behaves differently when it 's being observed , almost like it 's imbued with a consciousness . Multiple wavelengths of light mixed together give us white light , a mixture of frequencies , all processed by our cortex . But odors- - the cortex must process different chemical structures and match them to a stored database of known odors . I think current methods to understand this limit us . They limit all olfactory-based research , every single project in the world . If we can use light to visualize specific pheromones , we 've taken it to the next level . Will your work also show us why people near death see a white light ? One concept our learned colleagues in this room are familiar with is that the near-death experience comes from the cortex returning to full function after the body 's gone through a trauma . Sometimes our neuroscience escapes those of us from the pharmaceutical industry . Is a bigfoot discovery also imminent ? I thought we agreed to keep the work involving your wife 's genetic code confidential . At least I know where to find my wife- - at home , at night . That 's assuming you left her inflated . Gentlemen . Thanks , Dr. sutree . We will immediately review your latest findings . We need to get to that scheduled luncheon with the rest of the committee . You appear as if you 've come up empty-handed , then you feign a new discovery and bite one of the hands that feeds the institution ? He obviously slipped through the evolutionary sieve . That 's what I 'm talking about , Jack . I mean , no one is expecting blind ass-kissing . But these insults- - ass-kissing isn 't the issue , Billy . Everyone knows redfield got on the board because he 's in bed with the pill companies . And you can come up with the millions necessary to run this branch of biochemistry ? Kowtowing to a special interest portends a myopic approach and a lack of respect from our colleagues throughout the world . At least create the appearance of respectability , especially when the work is questioned . Ram is a neuroscience graduate from Yale . Medina is from the rockefeller university . Physics and mathematical biology are her specialties . Do you seriously think they 'd be wasting their time with crackpot research ? Where are you guys with this ? The evidence that Dr. sutree has uncovered is very compelling . Definitely exciting . My colleagues were impressed with the potential correlations discovered here . How close are you and your team ? Could there be something concrete by the end of the quarter ? It 's difficult to say . I 'm going to see what I can do . But no more detours . Here are the latest orns . Anything interesting ? It confirms you 're on the right track regarding odor discrimination . Good . I 'll take it from here . How late you staying , boss ? Just want to finish prepping these detector compounds . Tomorrow . Thanks , ram . Are you and Mrs. Jack still on for dinner ? Of course . Hey . I 'm having a send-off for sunny-girl tomorrow afternoon . You can join me if you 'd like . I 'm there . I 'm very saddened with your loss , Jack . Sunny-girl was very special . She would certainly have been honored by the Nepal hindus . Don 't worry , I 'm not going vicar on you . There was something unique between you and sunny-girl . It was more than friendship . I 'd call that spiritual . I 'm sad . But spiritual ? We are scientists . We compare one thing relative to another . We connect to them in a linear , rational way that makes sense to our brains . Could sunny-girl speak words with you ? No . Could she tell when you were sad ? Yes . She 's gone now . Where do you feel it more- - here or deep inside here ? There is a special kind of intelligence inside here too . It 's a spiritual intelligence- - a spiritual energy . It was more than friendship . It was spiritual . I appreciate the kind thoughts , ram . I 'm bringing a young lady friend who caught my eye to dinner . Let me know if you think I have a chance . What ? Ram , something 's happening . He didn 't even see me come in . He 's been at it for over an hour . My gosh . He 's been here all night . All night ? Making breakfast for everyone ? I think we got something here , ram . I plugged in the discrimination factors , and they seem to have taken things to the next level . Are we talking practical or theoretical ? I 'm saying the cat 's in the bag . But it appears the bag may be too small . Ram . Hit the lights . Wow . Medina ! Hang on . Don 't rub , don 't rub . You ok ? Say something , Jack . Aah . Just keep breathing . Jack , doctor , say something . Are you ok ? Ok . Here you go . Here you go . Here you go . Ugh ! All right . Come on , this way . This way . I 'm going to shut down the experiment . All right . I 'm going to check your eyes . Lean back , please . What ? How do you feel ? Like I was just shot through the " 2001 " star gate . Wow , my eyes felt like they were on fire . You were here all night , Jack . Well , after you left , I plugged in the orn data you gave me . It fell right into place with the theoretical values we set up . When I saw that , i didn 't want to stop . I needed to see if it could actually work . Did it ? I didn 't get to test all the wavelengths . But so far , no . Close but no cigar . Thanks , both of you . I know I can be a taskmaster at times . And I appreciate you going with the change in direction . We support your work , Jack . The other things , well , just have a bit more faith in your staff . Mhm . You want some , Jack ? No . But try to keep sunny-girl 's ashes curry-free , will you ? Heh . Your eyes- - is it the spices ? You know , they 've never affected me before . Photophobia maybe ? I don 't know . Well , Jasmine is in bloom . Maybe allergies . Ram , roll down your window . Jack , are you ok ? I feel a little dizzy . Jack ? Jack , are you ok ? You ok , Jack ? Jack ? I saw it . I saw it all . What did you see ? The scent of the oranges . The flowers ' attractants . The burnt hydrocarbons . I could see it , ram . It was all there . What did you see ? Colors . Even your curry in your container and on your breath . I could see the aromas swirling , naturally flowing in the air . It was astonishing . You saw this without the apparatus ? Are you sure ? Yes , yes , yes , of course . The gases I mixed in the lab must be some residue . Why can you see this now ? I don 't know . You ever have a song change your life ? There 's one from a while back . You might not be familiar with it , ram . My dad used to play it all the time . A song describing stardust and billion-year-old carbon . Those words connected who we are here to the stars in the universe . And I wanted to be a part of that . That 's why I went into science . Now I 'm about to scatter this very special collection of billion-year-old carbon into the sea . Bye , girl . Ugh ! Thanks , ram . Let 's get back to the lab . The compounds must have gone through some sort of change when the gases distilled . We can begin a full analysis . Just prepare everything in the morning and wait till I get back . Tomorrow morning . Tomorrow morning . I have to see my mom and- - oh , damn , that freaking deposition . Billy , great . Whoa . What- - oh , it 's nothing . There 's been a breakthrough . We have proof . Scents , smells can be visualized . They can be seen without any special instruments . Seriously ? We 're about to give every institution researching chemoreception a run for its money , man . Can you see them now ? It was only temporary . But I could see them flowing out like hundreds of fountains and at different rates . Graham 's law of effusion seen with the naked eye . It was uncanny , illuminating , a radical shift in our understanding of the visual senses . Imagine an app on a smart device that you move over a patient , and then it points you in the right direction . Well , I 'm glad I took action . What do you mean ? The regents- - they moved to pull the funding . Oh . I came here to tell you there 's a separate fund I can tap . It 's used for emergencies . It will allow you to continue for a while . A while ? Through next month . Christ , do me a favor . Smear some testosterone cream between your legs and grow a pair . Don 't you realize what we have here ? They 're walking all over you ! It will have to do for now , Jack . And if what you 're saying is true , the funding will happen . All we need is the proof . Ram , let 's keep this quiet for now . Even from Medina ? Yes . I 'll lock up . See you at dinner . Damn . All right , there 's got to be a better way than this . Oh , hey , ram . Something came up . Melanie can 't make it . Everything ok ? Well , we 're working some things out . I 've been staying at my mom 's house . No , no , I meant your eyes . You 're rubbing them . Is it the same sensation as earlier ? Probably a latent effect . Something came up with my dinner date as well . She brought a friend . How long have you been with the university , Dr. sutree ? Sorry . Over a decade . And ram tells me that your lab is involved with world health . Yes , practically every university research group is trying to eradicate the spread of malaria and dengue . Studying the odors our bodies give off could be a way to help do that . Mosquitoes seem to be attracted to these odors . Wouldn 't improving the infrastructure so that cleanliness wasn 't an issue keep them away ? It 's more complicated than that . Our bodies also give off natural pheromones , regardless of our cleanliness . Sounds like there is more to attraction than just wearing aftershave or perfume . Oh , I daresay pheromone detection would even be able to tell when a woman is ovulating . Dr. sutree , has your department tapped into the data mining modules that Brenda 's group has developed ? Not that I 'm aware of . John is an amazing programmer . He 's been assisting me on the voice-pert project . The goal is for workers throughout the state health care system to be able to instantaneously search any database via voice recognition . She 's just impressed because I 'm really sensitive to semicolons and parentheses . So John , will you be staying and ordering food or just having a drink ? Yeah . I haven 't eaten . I only ask because when i invited Brenda to dinner , I didn 't know that an expert in parentheses and semicolons would be joining us . Oh , I apologize , ram . I just thought it would be good for John to meet Dr. sutree . We 'll take care of our part . No problem , dude . I can cover myself . How about some oyster shooters ? Yeah . We 're doing studies on parasites that cannot survive without their host or hostess . Cool . Did I miss something , Dr. sutree ? Oh , I was just thinking , it 's a bold man who first ate an oyster . Tell me about it . Well , that was one of the most interesting dinners I 've ever had . Do you think I have a chance with Brenda , Jack ? Ram , there 's a western expression that associates potential romance with an ocean of sea life . You may want to swim yourself over to a different section of the sea . This pair seems a bit small , ma . I 've always been a size 7 . I guarantee you not one part of my body has grown with that food they give me . Grown with ? I thought you were a proud grammarian . Being chair-bound for a year could have something to do with it , don 't you think ? Nonsense . There we go . If it feels too tight , i don 't want you wearing them , no matter how good they look . You sometimes have to suffer for beauty , hon . You 're already beautiful , and it wasn 't from any suffering . Your father wouldn 't have agreed with that . I 'll take them . Ok . One , two , three . Are you comfortable , Katie ? I 'm ok . Nurse ? Why did the doctor add these three new medications ? Your mother was complaining she wasn 't able to get to sleep . Ma , how do you feel ? I 'm tired . Ask the doctor not to be so liberal with the medication . Shoe shopping is exhausting , even for a young person . I got to go now , ma . I 'm heading downtown . A new one ? I finished it in art class a few days ago . Beautiful . I love you . Rest . Do you know him , Mr. sutree ? I thought I did , but no . Why are you taking his picture ? How does he look to you ? He wasn 't doing well last evening . But he 's stable now . You ok ? I 'm late for a meeting . Dr. sutree has arrived . Thank you . My apologies for the delay . Just be seated , Dr. sutree , and we 'll begin . We appreciate you agreeing to be an expert witness . Sure . Could I have some water , please ? This is the videotaped deposition of John Benjamin sutree taken by counsel for the plaintiff in the matter of " karin honeygrove versus bioren pharmaceuticals , " held in the offices of tromo , gatelitt , Roberts located at 304 Broadway , los Angeles , California . If counsel would now please state their appearances starting with the party noticing this deposition . Marsha tweed , representing the plaintiff . Van tromo , representing bioren pharmaceuticals . Please state your full legal name . And John Benjamin sutree . And Mr. sutree , what is your present home address ? 815 garden road- - sorry . 1956 victory Lane , Los Angeles . How long have you lived there ? Um , two months . Please raise your right hand . Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you will give here in this deposition proceeding be the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth ? I do . Are you here today under subpoena , sir ? Yes , I am . Let 's start with your medical background . Are you a medical doctor ? No , I 'm a doctor of science . I have a phd in biological sciences from Stanford . Any other degrees ? A bachelor 's in physics and a master 's in medical biochemistry from the university of Chicago . Doctor , what is your current occupation ? I 'm employed as the head of olfactory research at city university . Did you attend the meeting at bioren pharmaceuticals December 17 , 2010 ? I did attend the meeting , but I 'm not sure of the date . Why did you attend the meeting ? Specifically to do a detailed analysis of the ingredients for a new aerosol spray that permitted the user to inhale rather than digest vitamins . We were there to present our take on the ingredients . At this meeting at bioren , sir , was there discussion as to any possible ill effects from the vitamin spray ? That meeting encompassed a number of findings , but none that I recall discussed noxae gradients . Spell that please . N-o-x-a-e . And does that mean ? It 's the plural of noxious . It refers to a poisonous substance . I object . We 're beginning to get into what sounds like protected materials . I 'm instructing you not to answer , as this information violates a confidentiality agreement with bioren . I further object under paragraph 9 of the case management order . On the contrary , he must answer . You are required to answer the questions , sir . Just a moment . Maybe it 's time we make a phone call to judge renfrew to discuss the terms of the case management order . This entire line of inquiry is in violation of a confidentiality agreement and may violate the case management order . Sir , I don 't know of anything in the previous order that permits you to call judge renfrew when we 're conducting the deposition . It 's not fair to the witness . He hasn 't finished his answer . Please complete your answer about the noxae ingredients . I 'd like to call an end of this for today . I told you , from what we analyzed , the ingredients were fine . If you wish to draw other conclusions , get them from someone else . But you can 't just leave . You 're here under a subpoena . Jack , please sit . I 'm assuming you people have put in the time to study the analyses , the results we all gathered . If you haven 't , you 're all fools . I could get the research and read it off to you if you like . Pretty exciting stuff . Was that a yes or no ? It 's a fuck you . Get yo ass outta here ! What you care ? Leave him be , stalagmite ! Yo , go somewhere else and do some throw-ups or something . I 'll get remey to whoop your ass . Sheeit . Busta licking ' punk ! Bitch ! You all right , mister . Holy shit . Yeah . You come running out that building swatting the fuzzy or something like that . You 're kidding . All I remember is i was on my feet running . Now I got this pain in my head . Starts in your feet then goes to your head . Just ' cause you feel it means your roots aren 't dead . La da Dee , la da da . La da Dee , la da da . Hey , don 't worry . Nothing 's missing . I made sure . Please . Please . What ? You in love ? My name 's Jack . Bazemint . Bazemint tape . Bazemint tape ? Yeah , what about it ? No , no . Nothing . A musician , right ? Better believe it . Well , I want to thank you for watching over me . I got to go back to work now . How 'd you know ? What ? I was into music ? Easy- - your name . You going to be able to keep it real ? Yeah . I just lost myself a little earlier . Not normal for me . Yeah , I know what that 's like . But you know what ? There is nothing stranger than a normal person . Thank you again , bazemint . You 're very kind . Just don 't be normal . Jack , what happened ? Nothing . What are you doing ? Measuring quantities from the experiment . I thought I made it clear to let things be until I returned . Dr. bleu instructed me to organize our work . But look what I found . Based on the quantities that we started with and what was left , 60 milliliters were expended . So it didn 't take much to have an effect . How much is left ? 2.82 liters . That 's 92 more applications . Pardon ? The effect diminishes with time , ram . We need to make more . Everything 's documented , so it shouldn 't be a problem to formulate . What 's bleu want with the information ? He didn 't say . If your eyesight was any better , you 'd be able to see through people . What 's that supposed to mean ? Your vision 's fine , Jack . Why so testy ? I 'm sorry , Hugo . Everything 's hitting at once . What 's new in your department ? We have a few clinical trials going on for redfield 's group . One 's on lowering blood glucose levels with prednisolone acetate , eye drops for diabetics . Is there no escaping the wake of his pharmaceutical swill ? I don 't follow . He 's smothering the firewall between research and commerce . Ah , it 's the times we 're in , Jack , with funding and all . He 's got programs throughout the county health system , in the prison system , even at the state hospital . Teargarden ? Limited liability risk . Testing new drugs on the insane . I didn 't say that was going on . Oh , you don 't have to . It 's the redfield way . Thanks , Hugo . Jack . Here , I can 't seem to open this . Come in . Surprised I 'm here , right ? In a church nave , yes . In my home , not at all . Well , I appreciate you getting together on such short notice . You know , back in my teens , I experienced one of the best flavor sensations ever to hit my tongue . It started with a short crunch followed by sweetness and then a zap of slight burning . You continued chewing . And when the combination moved further into the mouth , oh , it was like a wave of flavor breaking on the back of my tongue . And now , decades later , I plan to recapture that experience . French , vietnamese , Italian ? Onion rings . You know , where the onion doesn 't get lost in the ring but still doesn 't overpower it . I think they 're ready . Right . Now , you and I are going to experience a little bit of heaven on this beautiful earth . There . Your meals always give faith a good name . Stuart , something 's happened . I can 't for the life of me explain . There was a lab accident that affected my eyes . Your eyesight ok ? Yes . I don 't know how to tell you with a straight face . I 'm seeing things . While I 'm awake , in broad daylight . You 're serious ? I 'm dead serious . My dog just passed away . But after the lab accident , I saw her . She was there , so vivid in the room , so real it hurt my heart . I was visiting my mother in her nursing home . When I left , I saw an elderly man in another room . Floating above him , I saw a younger version of that man . I was just at a deposition today . Sitting opposite me was an executive I 've never met . Then a separate lurid vision of him appears . Maybe you have an explanation . Or am I losing it ? Oh , I know you . You 're not crazy . But to see something , you have to believe in it , right ? I look over there , and i see an onion , because I believe it 's an onion . I don 't believe in magic or pious spirits . Why the visions ? Maybe you need to approach this phenomenon in a different manner . The onion , please . Go ahead . Now , forget that you know it 's a bulbous , yellowish , brown vegetable , ok ? Try to meet it on its own terms . It 's a sphere , right ? Well , look closely . Look at the bottom and follow it up . It 's not really a sphere . As a man of science you might see that it 's actually a bloom of linear vectors pushing upwards . Now , peel off the outside layer . Go ahead . Notice how it 's dry . But how dry ? It 's not of powdered dry or an old crusty dry that crumbles . No , it 's a fresh type of dry . In fact , compared to other dry things in this world , you could say its dryness is actually exquisite . Now , here . Slice it open . Go on . Ah , look at that . You 've opened the floodgates of being . Life inside of death . Now , how do we know it 's alive ? Try to put the two halves back together . You can 't . The pieces of its being were held under compression , as are all living things . Now , notice we can 't escape the aroma that fills the air released from its flowing juices . Just seconds ago , there was very little smell . It was contained in that exquisite dryness , if you remember . Shit , I 'll never look at an onion the same way again . When you see one of those visions , forget any previous associations that may come into your mind . Focus your consciousness deeply . Forget what you don 't believe . Look at what it means to you . You 're all fools . I can get the research and read it off to you , if you like . Pretty exciting stuff . Would you like me to do that ? Because if you want me to , I will . Was that a yes or no ? It 's a fuck you . Jury profiling begins tomorrow . Jury selection is around the corner . And you , our expert witness , leave a deposition that could lead to us losing the entire case . Listen , I 'm exhausted . The pressure to produce results has become almost unbearable . But I just can 't stress enough the importance of what we 've stumbled onto , especially now , because it 's taken a new twist . What are you talking about , Jack ? The vision enhancements have deviated away from odor signatures . What is it ? What are you talking about ? Personality traits . Scientific results are governed by perception . You know this better than anyone here , Clayton . A drug is developed to relieve chest pain . It fails . But someone looked at that failure differently . It turns out it inhibits an enzyme allowing blood to flow to the penis . It becomes the most successful drug in history . Well , what we discovered in the lab , the ability to see the aromas a substance gives off , has shifted to the ability to see what an individual emanates . You know how we describe someone like , he beams confidence , or , she has a glow about her ? There 's now a way that can actually be seen . It can be physically observed and described in detail . Jack . This is a university biomedical research department . We have 24 faculty emeriti who conduct ongoing research into cancer , infectious diseases , physics , often in collaboration with the heads of laboratories and hospitals around the world . They all stay in high esteem , because they back up their work with confirmed experiment . You yourself- - you yourself- - loudly proclaim that magical thinking can 't solve problems . But you continue to make outrageous claims . The perception is that the university 's money and resources are being wasted . I think this has gotten out of hand . You 're right . What I 've experienced has to be formalized . I just wish you could see it for yourself . Redfield , what 's the most important part of a court trial ? It 's happening within days- - jury selection . Clayton , what do you want done with this project ? Give me some additional time . That is no longer an option . Your dependability has come into question . Can you give the baronial attitude a rest and listen ? Just one day . If I can 't show you something convincing by the end of tomorrow , I 'll do whatever you want . End the research . Give it to someone else to continue . Anything . Come on , Clayton . 24 hours . Do you see this button here ? When you push it , it will be similar to the burst of air you get when an optometrist tests for glaucoma . Clever Medina . Now there won 't be any waste . Thanks to Dr. machado . Do I have enough for three or four applications ? Easily . Ram added the solution to this small capsule here . Be sure everything is recorded . Got it . This enhancement in your vision you described- - why the sudden change ? Did something happen at home ? It 's strange , ram . I was working . I dozed off . I woke up . Then I saw sunny-girl . Sunny-girl ? Perhaps there is an additional factor we are not considering- - the mix of our emotions and consciousness . We work in the representational world defined by formulas . Yes , emotions can be an obstacle to rational thought . But we also know extreme emotional grief affects every part of the body . Stress can alter the body chemistry . You 're getting at what happens with something like serotonin . Serious bereavement can cause serotonin levels in the brain to drop . Hallucinations are associated with neurotransmitter disturbances . Not a hallucination . The brain is more than electrical and chemical reactions operating in a chunk of meat . Consciousness is also in there . And this combination helped to alter your perception from enhanced observations- - fragrances- - to informed visions . Objective , persistent , and timeless- - those are the principles any phenomenon needs to be held to . If your theory holds up with those in mind , I 'm willing to pass through any doors of perception you 're attempting to open . Yes , Jack . But we must also remember the lesson that you taught us . Honor the elders , embrace the new , and applaud the impracticable . Let 's keep thinking about it . I 've got to go . Hi . I 'm Dr. Jack sutree . I work with Dr. redfield in the university biosciences department . Trixie tao . A pleasure . Is Dr. redfield attending today ? No . I 'm here to observe the jury profiling . Why is that ? I 'm going to note any characteristics that may not be obvious to others . Hopefully it will provide some help for your process . I assure you we don 't need any assistance in what we do . Oh , I understand . It 's sort of research for a new approach Dr. redfield wants to explore . Do you have a way different from ours to predict whether or not a prospective juror may be dangerous to a case ? Because we already cover life experiences , predisposed attitudes , and believes . We go below the surface . Let 's just say our approach focuses on what 's behind the person . Is there an area where I 'll be out of the way ? Through that door . There 's a small room with a one-way glass . You 'll have all the privacy you need . Thanks Ms. tao . Here . These are the evaluation guidelines that our social scientists have developed for each candidate . I 'll make notes for each one . Knock yourself out . So as I was saying- - what do you feel is important about having laws ? Everyone knows laws were established for people 's own good . It 's dangerous when laws are not obeyed . Is there ever a time when the law should not be obeyed ? Never . If people don 't obey the law , we would have total chaos . Whoa . Someone implies something about you that is not true . How does that affect you ? It doesn 't . It doesn 't affect me at all . We can 't help it if someone gets the wrong idea about us . Hmm . Can we help it if someone says something about us that isn 't true ? Which us president do you admire most ? Why , our current president . Oh , really ? Have you ever worked as a janitor , been a business owner , or worked in a hospital ? In college , I worked part time as a janitor . Well , that 's refreshing . Do you play the lottery ? That 's one vice that I don 't have . You sure about that ? Do you feel drugs should be legalized ? They already are . What do you expect when , as you 're approaching a parking spot , another car races by and takes it ? The driver is in the wrong to do that . And it makes me angry . Thank you . Candidate 14 , please . What was the name of the last book you read ? " Four past midnight . " Thank you . Roger ? Roger . Call 911 . What happened ? You passed out and were rushed to the hospital . No . What happened to us ? Your walking shoes . For a moment , I thought we were back in Paris . Rest , Jack . You 're still out there . Could you close that cabinet drawer ? Now you 're back . Mm . I 'm serious , Mel . What happened to us ? Answers would be nice . I 'm just busy doing other things now , just like you . Hi , I 'm Jim erlandson . Mrs. sutree ? Yes . Mr. sutree , I understand you were at a jury selection procedure . Why were you there ? I 'm an expert witness in a case . Was there any stress or trauma that occurred during the process ? None , no . What about at work ? Would you say the stress level there is above normal ? Where you going with this , doctor ? I 'm a boring research scientist at cu . You appear to be a normally healthy individual . But your cortisol- - 18 , no more than 23 micrograms per deciliter is ok . You came in here at over 50 . Really ? What is it now ? It 's ok . You 're normal . It 's just if it had stayed that high , it would have started attacking your brain . Eventually you would have gone into cardiac shock . Look , does your work expose you to drugs or stimulants ? Cut the crap . We don 't abuse our privileges . Jack . Ok . You need to review your last few days for anything unusual , anything you reacted to , anything that caused emotional distress . Because if what happened today happens again , your wife is going to visit you on a slab . He came in like Dr. Jekyll . But wouldn 't you know ? He 's Mr. Hyde . Could you hand me my phone ? What happened today ? I 've stumbled onto something , Mel . I don 't understand it all yet . But it seems to be something that will make some noise and change things . You are lying in a hospital bed with your vital signs on display . Haven 't things changed enough ? He said I 'm fine . What 's on the other side ? I 'm not chasing the cat this time . Your work is removed from real life . And I know what happened to us . Your work removed you from our marriage . Dr. sutree ? Hold on , ram . Why do you do it ? I guess for the same reasons you and I walk together along the left bank . It 's exciting . And it makes me happy . Sorry , ram . Sutree showed up during jury profiling yesterday . Why ? How would I know ? He became sick and was hospitalized . What ? What happened ? Where is he ? Oh , he 's discharged . We should think about shifting gears . He has good predocs working with him . We should put them to better use . There 's a decline effect , ram . How do you mean ? I lost the ability to see into people yesterday . Even after repeated applications , the effect never came back . And I 've run out of time . Any idea what might have changed ? The effect first happened within an hour , when we were driving . It came back later that evening at the restaurant . And then when I went home , i experienced it again . No . No , it went away at that point . I could no longer see aromas . The condition progressed to the visions . I still think it 's related to one subjective consciousness . Emotion was part of it . The first vision was sunny-girl . But the man at the nursing home , the lawyer , the deposition , the jury pool- - none of them meant anything to me . No , no , Jack . The trigger . I 'm talking about a triggering agent . It sets things in motion . You were so distressed when we scattered sunny-girl 's ashes . Sunny-girl . Ram , sunny-girl . Billion-year-old carbon . The song ? Hey , you tell your students that using your formula app is cheating . It 's my app . Sweet app . The most important element in life . The thing that ties everything together . It was added when her ashes flew into my eyes . After a few hours , it altered the effect . Bazinga ! Ashes ! Activated carbon . A purifying agent . I 'll wager my life it 's the triggering agent . Billion-year-old carbon ! Yes ! Careful . It 's super- - get it all on the plastic . Go ahead . Ok . Ok , here we go . Are you ok ? Wow . It feels robust . Damn . Too many variables are at work . We need a subject to properly document this , or it remains a theorem without any proof . The psychology department has the biggest research pool . Do you want me to get someone from there ? No . I have someone in mind . I 'll be back . Listen , mister . I don 't turn tricks , if that 's why you wanted to meet me . No , no , nothing like that . I 'm from cu . Speak English . The university down the road . You a teacher ? More of a scientist . Bioscience . I study ways to improve life . Look around here . You got your work cut out for you , playa . Those supposed to mean you cool ? What , these ? You may be a professor , but you in need of some serious streetcreducation . Do you remember when you helped me the other day ? Yeah , when you was running like a mad scientist ? Very good , yes . Well , you struck me as a possible subject for our study . You want to study bazemint ? What for ? I 'll be honest . I don 't know . But when we first met , I saw potential . And I think there 's value in pursuing that . Are you sure you 're not trying to mingle me ? Mingle you ? Yeah , because I don 't do that . Anymore . Look , I 'm not planning any tricks here . I assure you my intentions are strictly scientific . And the cheese ? I can get you a couple hundred dollars for your time . What you looking for , professor Jack ? That , bazemint , is precisely what I hope you can help me find out . This gonna be on YouTube ? Scientific experiment or cat video- - I wonder which will get more hits . Y 'all got al-Gore-rhythms ? Algorithms ? Yes , we use them . That shit really gone change the world ? They already have , for sure . What 's your name again ? Ram . You named after a goat ? My full name is ramble . You named after a goat taking a stroll ? My father 's name is penku tambel . He 's a big creedence fan . So he named me after his favorite song , " ramble tamble , " except mine is spelled with an e-l , not an l-e . Jeez Louise . Sorry I asked . We 're all set , Jack . You ready ? What I 'm supposed to do ? Just relax . You all right ? I don 't know what it is about you . Yeah , I get that a lot . How does it look , ram ? There is a lot here , Jack . The good news- - your heart rate stayed normal . You were never at risk . Are you all right ? Yeah . Was that ok ? Why did you hold my shoulder ? You looked like you needed help . Did I screw up already ? No . No , you were fine . We 've had a good start . I need to study what we did here before we do more . Can I call upon you in another day or so to do another session ? Ok . But I need something else . Well , my funds are limited . Don 't trip off that . I don 't want more cheese . I want you to find someone for me . Find someone ? That 's not what we do . But you full of science swag here . I mean , look around . You got some serious , ginormous science swag . We wouldn 't be the best people to help locate someone . I don 't even know where to begin . You a scientist ? Yes . You a scientist , in a big-ass school . And you got al-Gore-rhythms , right ? Algorithms , correct . Listen . You got computers . You got a way to do it . No one else has ever cared to help me with this . There are missing persons organizations that can help . Don 't you think i seen them already ? They couldn 't do nothing . It 's different if you give it a try . Look , you says you want to improve life . Start with me . Start with this life . I can 't promise we 'll succeed , but I tell you what . We 'll give it a shot . Who do you want to find ? Well , it 's hard to talk about , because it ain 't no one 's business . It 's your mother . How did you know i- - I want to know where 's my mama ? Is she still in the area ? Did she move away ? It 's been so long . And she was always sick . But I think she 's around here . Can you help me find her ? We 'll try . Thank you . Professor Jack , when you were staring at me , what did you see ? I still need more time to understand things . But I can tell you this . Don 't ever deny yourself and your ability to do things , bazemint . You know your friend from dinner ? Brenda ? Yes . She 's working with the county health administration . Ask if she can check if bazemint 's mom ever turned up in the system . What is her name ? Nina . Nina Orleans . And what name did your mother give you ? Simone . Simone . Redfield . Dr. redfield , it 's trixie tao . We had enhanced background checks done on all the prospective jurors . It 's unbelievable . What 's unbelivable ? I 'd understand if he was correct about two , maybe three , people . That 's the norm . But he was spot on with every single person . We 've never seen that before . Details , Ms. tao . Who is he ? Your colleague , Dr. sutree . He flagged several of the potential jurors as not trustworthy before he became ill . They all had passed the initial standard screening that was done . But when we went back and fed the info into our new security tap , six of the individuals had enough in their backgrounds to make them ineligible . I just sent the results to you . By the way , how is he ? I need to contact him . Do you know what this means for any challenge that ends up in front of a jury ? Yeah , don 't worry . I 'll set something up . Here 's what we came up with . There is a Nina Orleans in the system . Committed to teargarden 15 years ago . An addict . Apparently the addiction took her over the edge . She had a daughter . And the daughter was taken away and placed in foster care . That 's who we 're looking for ! Is she still there ? Oh , there 's an issue with teargarden . They 've never kept good records . They 've since cleaned house . About five years ago , the times ran an expose . Unfortunately , there 's a gap in the information . Is there another place we can look ? Well , I would suggest going right there . There 's piles of handwritten case records that have never been entered . I wouldn 't know where to begin to look . Oh , I can help you with that . Brenda , I wanted to let you know how wonderful it is that you have been of such great assistance . I 'll call blythe bowlby , and I 'll set everything up . John can accompany you . He is familiar with the data interface , and he 'll know who to speak with . Great . And thank you very much for the gift , ram . You 're very welcome . It says it all , doesn 't it ? Predocs work so many hours in the day that we 're always pooped . So what kind of music you into , man ? I really don 't know how that is of importance . It can be . Depending . Depending on ? Well , when I slam through coding , listening to grizzly bear helps . But that 's an exception . I don 't like lame-stream . Fascinating . Or when I 'm clubbing , mc boy , " transmission of love . " I like something more intense . These groups don 't play at the clubs near campus . Not here . At hung lo 's , on the westside . Never heard of it . You should check it out some time . If you 're into guys . What ? What would make you say something like that to me ? Hung lo 's , it 's a gay club I like . Oh . I 'm so happy . I thought you were talking about that Chinese restaurant , hung Lao 's . No . No , hung lo . It 's a place to get down and let loose . Get loose . Would you like to hear a song I 'm thinking in my head ? She 's not your girlfriend . She 's not your girlfriend . It 's ok , man . Relax . Gentlemen , please come this way . That 's mine . That 's mine . It 's mine . Thank you . No problem . Thank you . Gentlemen . You see that row of records here ? Our people went through them in preparation for digitization . We did not find any records of what happened to Nina Orleans . Nothing . What was most likely her outcome ? Most likely , she wasn 't discharged . That rarely has happened . She probably passed on . She was pretty bad off . Someone in her condition doesn 't have a long life . I 'm sorry I couldn 't have more definitive news or happier news for that matter . It 's ok . Thank you for your generous time . Anything to help Brenda 's group . Her modernization of the state 's health services system is most appreciated . Some people were here for years , and no one even knew who they were . You lose your mind . They lose your identity . This suck- - oh , sorry , dude . It 's ok . It 's ok . She might be with the lost souls . What 's that , my friend ? She might be with the lost souls . Well put . Downstairs , in the library of ash . It used to be , when someone died here at teargarden , sometimes there was no one to claim them . They were cremated . And their remains were stored here . Those are the lost souls . In the cans . They call it the library of ash . This is extraordinarily generous , Clayton . I don 't understand . How is this possible ? There 's a sword of damocles hanging over the entire pharmaceutical industry . It 's being kept quiet . But the therapeutic power of drugs has been steadily waning for several years now . We 're losing the battle to help the mind , William . There 's a worldwide scramble for the next psychoactive . Yes , but how does this tie into Jack 's research . He may have stumbled onto a gateway to a major advancement . Please , sit , Dr. sutree . You and I are alike in some ways . We both started with a childhood fascination with the sciences . It came from observing the things in life that are full of whimsy . It 's very seductive , especially to a young mind . And you and I , unlike the average Joe , we took things a step further . We observed the whimsical , but we backed it up with facts . That 's what science is . So here 's where we are . I 've secured all the funding you 'll ever need to continue your research . You 'll have the time and the supplies required . What 's he mean , Billy ? It 's right here , Jack . It 's the largest amount ever granted in the history of this department . But because of the , let 's say , mercurial behavior that 's been reported , there are conditions . Ah . Conditions . Does it matter ? You practically have carte blanche to finally understand what you discovered . But where does this lead ? What 's the end result , redfield ? Everything will be under your direction . You will receive full credit . Who owns the polio vaccine ? What ? The polio vaccine- - who owns the patent ? No one . It wasn 't for filling the coffers of some giant multinational . It was given to the world . And it made the world a better place . You know , for such a brilliant man , you can be very naive . That 's occurred because it was determined that the national foundation for infantile paralysis could not obtain a patent . The real irony is that Jonas salk 's discovery would have benefited man even more if it had been patented . Why does every discovery have to be motivated by a cash grab ? Jonathan swift said it best . Money is useful . Love of it , hazardous . There 's nothing new here , Jack . You know this is the way it works . Your hero , swift- - you know he had meniere 's disease . Untreatable in his day . Now we have meclizine and Diazepam to help people cope with it . There 's no denying drugs have benefited mankind . But I 've been in the trenches of your broad marketplace , the nursing homes where your miracle drugs are administered . You know what ? It 's not working out too well . We have zombies lying in hospital beds . Basic cable their caregiver . Those poor people . Desires that have been neutered . The system has become a legitimized Pablo Escobar , and you unflinchingly supply them , because it 's big money . You 've replaced cups of hot tea and warm kisses with millions of plastic pill organizers demanding to be filled . What really caused the great social shift that we have witnessed ? It 's time the windfalls were more human and less financial . Don 't avoid the question . Who put all the people in the homes ? The families . Brothers , sisters , aunts , uncles , and the children . They are the reason for the avalanche that has uncontrollably spilled into countless rest homes . But you will never in a million years find an individual snowflake ever taking responsibility for their part in that avalanche . You have a mother in a nursing home , don 't you ? Can 't go crying to your mommy about this letdown . You , Dr. sutree , are one sorry , sanctimonious snowflake . Jack , don 't ! Don 't , Jack ! You , sir , have just assaulted a university board member . Your boy . Hi , Mel . My car just stranded me about a half mile from our place . I know we agreed to our separate spaces , but I got to stop by and get something out of the garage . I promise I 'll leave as soon as I 'm done . [ Music - Marie baraton and Pierre Andre athane , " a Paris les jours sans " ] I 'm done , Mel . I 've lost everything . What ? Maybe the job . The discovery . My colleagues . I remember when i visited notre dame . We had the sight of the cathedral on our right . And on the left , we crossed a bridge . And we ended up on the lie Saint-Louis . And further down on the left , you took me to the best crepe shop I have ever been to , filled with locals . Neither one of us knew anything about where to eat in Paris . But you had a sense , Jack . You had a natural instinct about things . I don 't know , you followed the sense in the air and tracked the movements of the locals . You observed the looks on the faces of the people exiting the bistros . And you processed all of that to discover exactly the right places for us to go to . Who wouldn 't fall in love with a scientist who could muster his abilities to provide his woman with a decent meal ? Who wouldn 't fall in love ? Thanks . Still there . My other charger 's in the alfa . Your alfa naufrago . You finally ready to get rid of that hunk of metal ? Hey . I always like things that look good . Any relapses from the other day ? It 's under control . You saw the dresser . You 're not crawling the walls . There 's hope for mankind yet . If we 're lucky . Forget the rumors . We are not ceasing operation of this lab . The department feels that , even with Dr. sutree 's absence , the importance of the work demands that we continue . The last thing any of us want is for the research community to perceive that we have dropped the ball . Ram , call me when you hear this . I 'll be visiting my mother . Thanks . What 's that on the board over there ? Ram . We formalized what dr , sutree was doing at the time of the lab accident . This formula is for a gaseous substance that he created . Once it distilled , it cooled into a liquid . Was the liquid used to coat special lenses or something like that ? Dr. sutree applied the liquid directly into his eyes . Where 's this liquid now ? It 's gone . It used to be in the cabinet . Any idea who might have taken it ? We know it wasn 't Dr. sutree , because the door is open . I don 't follow . He can 't stand anything left open- - doors , drawers , or anything out of its place . This is a backup pair of the goggle we developed as a delivery mechanism for the liquid . They 're used to apply small dosage directly onto the eyes . How long before it takes effect ? Within an hour . Here 's what I want the both of you to do . Immediately create a new batch of liquid . Follow the formula and procedures exactly . I take it you have all the necessary supplies . Actually , it 's ready to go . Then we 'll have something by day 's end . Agreed ? Ok . If you need help or anything else , just ring me up . Sabahu al-khayer . Alaikum wa salam . Mr. tambel . Could I have a word with you , please ? I understand you and Dr. sutree had a close working relationship . I guess so . He 's been very supportive . You 're near the completion of your doctorate . I want you to know there is no reason to be concerned with any interruptions that might impede your goal . You have the full support of this department . That is very much appreciated . So the department can depend on a 100 % commitment from you . 105 % . Good day , Mr. tambel . Keep up the good work . What did he want ? Directions to nambla . Mr. sutree ? Morning . Where is she ? We left so many messages . I 'm so sorry . When ? She was extremely nauseated and experiencing a great deal of pain the day before yesterday . Her feet and ankles were swollen . Dr. Walters here rushed her to the hospital . It was her chronic infection . It finally shut down her kidneys , and that was it . If it means anything , your mother was so proud of you . She told me she was blessed to have a son who worked hard , who was honest , who looked for ways to help people . What is this ? It 's time to do something about the 50-ton elephant in the room . Sutree has suffered a major breakdown . This is bellicose , even for you , Clayton . I 've never heard of this happening to a faculty member . We live in bellicose times , William . Whenever something is amiss , you need to take action fast . Yes , but this sets a serious procedure in motion . A psychiatric ward ? Dr. doodnaugh agrees . This is a serious matter . Azro , don 't you think this is an overly aggressive move ? Based on the video that Clayton shared with us and the depositions of the witnesses , this is indeed a serious matter . This man appears to be a danger to himself and to people around him . Depositions ? Depositions are already in place ? There 's too much potential on the table to hesitate one second . Where does this leave Jack ? He 'll have some of the best care available . The most important thing is this procedure protects the university 's interests in the authorship of the research . Jack ? You 're freaking me out . You 're here in my chapel ? It was my mom 's favorite place . Oh . My friend , I 'm so sorry . Dear , departed one . Requiescat in pace . Please , come this way . You shouldn 't be standing here alone . It 's ok . I 'm good . Plus , I asked my research assistant to meet me here . So I should stay inside . Listen , something 's happened . Maybe a breakthrough in this thing I 'm struggling with . Ram , good . Your mechanic said this replacement part should work . Thanks . Do you know reverend halloway ? I do now . Namaste . Namaste . Follow my thinking , Stuart . Consider your reflection in the mirror or the sight of a rainbow in the sky . Neither is really there . But the image is projected on the back of your retina . You can take a picture of them with a camera . But the things I 'm seeing cannot be photographed . They only exist here , in my head . Why in your head ? Remember the onion you talked about ? What defines why we see it ? Waves . Light waves . Waves from all sorts of directions . Where they interfere defines that onion . You show me it 's cosmic and intimate , all at once . A beautiful , mysterious thing full of query . Light waves are a form of visible energy . Somehow , through the lab accident , I 've become sensitive to other forms of invisible energy . You 're saying you can see the very energy of life ? Jack , may I ? When you saw sunny-girl , what did you see ? She was happy . Very happy , the way she always was . That 's her essence , Jack . You were seeing her essence- - the energy of the essence of what she was . Reverend halloway , Jack has this very special connection with one subject we met . He had one test session with her . A homeless musician , bazemint . When we first met , I had an unusually strong vision with her unlike all the others . During the session , she touched my shoulder . That 's when I saw even more than her essence , if that 's what we 're calling it . I started seeing things that affect her essence . Our senses are the gateway to our mind . Perhaps now , the gateway to the soul . Is a final theory of consciousness at hand , a way to translate and study the metadata of the soul ? The girl you were studying- - when will you work with her again ? It 's not possible now . Dr. redfield has taken over the lab . With everything that 's happened , it 's imperative that you come up with solid substantiation , indisputable proof , of what you have . Or you 're going to be gorged by a pack of hungry wolves . How bad is it at the lab ? I can 't get in without Medina or redfield . No , I have to get in somehow . I need to retrieve the flask . But it 's missing from the cabinet . Oh , I didn 't leave it in the cabinet . Dr. sutree , huzzah ! Go pick up bazemint . I 'm going to drop the starter in my car . Stuart , can you get us into a lab ? Ram can let you know the specifics on the monitoring equipment . I 'll make some calls . Let me know when you 're ready . Great . Like- - like this ? Yes . Now we wait . Did you want to go through any of the analyses on the drives ? We have them . Were there any handwritten materials generated ? Those are filed back here . You find her ? Problem , Jack . I gave bazemint the news about her mother . What do you mean ? She 's a bit upset . I think you need to come here and speak with her in person . All right . Shoot me your location . On my way . Bazemint , I 'm really sorry about the news of your mom . But you agree , it 's better that you know what happened , right ? It 's not the news . It 's the respect . My mama never got no respect , not even when she died . I don 't understand . You weren 't there . How would you know she was disrespected ? Not then . Now . That woman 's ashes are sitting on a punk-ass shelf in a closet in a goddamn closet . That 's no way to leave a person . My mama needs to be respected . She needs to be buried . Ram , will they allow that ? It 's going to be difficult , Jack . None of the canisters are ided . They 're all grouped by date . It 's a lack of records . Bazemint , what if i petition the institute to bury all the canisters ? Would that be ok with you ? She needs her own space . She needs her own respect . She weren 't perfect . I know that . But my mama should have her final respect . It 's tough , Jack . There are hundreds of cans . No , there 's a way . Bazemint , I promise you , I will find which canister has your mom 's ashes . How can you do that ? I 'm asking you to trust me on this . Ok . How you gonna do that ? Don 't forget . We got al-Gore-rhythms . Just me , Clay . Bleu ? You 're still here ? Yeah , I was coming to bring you the signed hospitalization form . But wouldn 't you know ? It 's in the other bag . I double-checked the formula and the methodologies . We followed everything exactly . Well , nothing happened . It appears this phenomenon is specific going to sutree . I fear he holds some missing information . Yes ? I see . Ms. Hamid , tell me what business does Mr. tambel have at the teargarden institute . So many visions to psychoanalyze . The politician screaming the bleedin ' lies . You burn down the highway , leaving no place to run . Hey , shake , babe . Shake off your demon and watch that angel go . This is going to take a while . We 'll find her . Ready , Jack . Come out . All of you , please . What 's up with Mr. clean ? This is Dr. redfield , bazemint . Do you both realize that you are assisting a man who is in serious trouble ? Careful , redfield . I assault board of regents members . Redfield ! Why did he lock the door ? There 's no way out ! Redfield , please . You need supervision . Get the guard to open this door . Clayton ! Redfield , please , you need supervision . Redfield ! We need to do further testing . Clayton , please . Clayton , listen to me . Do not use the goggles . There are side effects . Think , Clayton . Clayton ! Do not use the goggles . We need to do more testing . There are side effects . Clayton , please . You gotta listen to me . Redfield- - oh . Oh . Back . Back . Stay back . Ma- - mama ? Oh , you 're my mama . I know it . Clayton ! Get one of the doctors , now . Get his buttons . Stay with us , Clayton . Are you- - are you ok ? What can I do for you ? Oh , my child . Would you look at that ? It is . Are you real ? You better believe I 'm real . Bee never moves without being led by someone . Oh , mama . Oh , my child . Oh , my little child . What is that woman 's name ? She 's patient 108 . But everyone here calls her bee . Bee minor . She 's only ever played one song on that piano . Professor Jack . That 's my mama , that 's my mama . I knows it . Are you sure ? I knows it in my bones . That 's how sure I am . Ok . This patient 's records were lost years ago . Anything that you have that can help us with her identity will be helpful . I 'm from cu . Bazemint is working with us on an important study . We can help confirm this woman 's identity . Just let us know what you need . Coming through . What happened to him ? Too many drugs . Stand here , please . Ok , thank you . Stand there . Good . The test program seems to have caught on . We can handle maybe 30 more candidates . Has Jack had any progress on expanding the formula ? Not yet . We haven 't found a substitute for what he calls the sunny-girl factor . Stay with it . May I ? Bazemint says you a mover . Talking about freeafying the mind and shit . You 're always looking for something . Everyone is . But there 's one thing you really want- - the truth . Man , who don 't want the truth ? It sure would make things a lot easier rather than all the bullshit . The thing is you already know the truth . You just never had the opportunity to express it . Damn straight . It 's time you try another way to speak . Who 's going to listen to someone like me ? Give this to the person at the table out there . Hey . You , me . We get our grounding from wherever we can find it . Good luck . This is the address of the Williams art center . Tomorrow , they will be expecting you at 10 : 00 am . Why ? You 'll begin your new class . Just show up . Everything else- - supplies , lunch- - has been taken care of . What class ? Canvas painting . The connection you have with each person . Pretty intense . I saw a vet earlier today . He was a hostage in Iraq . He asked his captor when he would be free . The captor , the person in control , said , when you are free , I will be free . The captor and the captive . The rich and the poor . The educated and the ignorant . Every minute , day , and night , we 're putting something out there . Naked truth . Hatred . Intense passion . Jealousy . Smarts . Dominance . Submissiveness . Indifference . Love . It 's all that undying energy Einstein described moving , clashing , merging . That 's why we can never escape the effect we have on each other . Give it a fly beat that will dance down the street . Uh-huh . There you go . There you go . It 's starting , Jack . Let 's go . She wakes up early every morning just to do her hair now , because she cares , y 'all . Her hair wouldn 't be right without her makeup . She 's never out of makeup . She 's just like you and me . But she 's homeless . She 's homeless . And she stands there singing for money . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . In my sleep , I see her begging , reaching , please . Although the problem 's not mine , I ask god , why ? God , oh , why ? She 's just like you and me . But she 's homeless . She 's homeless . And she stands there singing for money . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da , la-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee , la-Dee-da . La-da-Dee .
