 In the future , you and everyone around you will exist solely in a digital universe . You will open your eyes and live whatever fantasy you 've selected from an infinite menu of options . You will be the hero of your own story . Every experience will be razor-sharp and gorgeous , like the best smart drug ever invented . Say goodbye to all that brain chemistry trapping you in the darkness of your mind . No more PTSD , no more pain , no more loss . Remember that daughter you lost in a terrible car accident ? Rewind the clock and imagine a new outcome . You can have the equivalent of a digital lobotomy . Not feeling well ? Just reboot yourself . This is the future of your digital existence . It 's the deep future . Your body , gone . You 're all computer , all the time . Your brain is way more powerful than even a billion supercomputers . Jobs , food , language , water , even traditional thought , all of humanity 's building blocks , all that 's done . And you are immortal . Squirming in your chair yet ? You should be . This isn 't science fiction . Today 's visionary thinkers say it 's a strong probability that this is what your world is going to look like . Tonight , they 'll guide you toward that spectacular future , and we 'll see how one family navigates it , one invention at a time . This is the story of your future . This is the road to Year Million . You might not know it yet , but pay attention , because we are on a crash course to Year Million , an epoch somewhere in the deep future where you can 't even begin to imagine how technology will utterly and completely alter our notion of what it means to be human . The idea behind the Year Million is like a time in the future where , like , everything is different . It 's a total paradigm shift . An idea of this future time , otherworldly from what we understand right now . I 've shown you how artificial intelligence is the root of all future technology . It will elevate the human race to a dazzling level of super-intelligence , and it will make us all immortal . Now , we 'll launch you out into the waters of the largest paradigm shift for mankind , where we will live completely and totally online . After a hard day 's work a lot of people turn on the TV and they see these worlds , these imaginary worlds coming at you like that . But then afterwards you turn off the TV and say , well , that was nice . It was just a TV program . Hundreds of years from now , you will literally leap into a cyberworld . You 'll be able to touch and feel the emotions , the fear . They 'll be beamed right into your brain . Where you cannot just play video games , but all of a sudden , you are the hero of your , of your story . You are the captain of the ship . And why does being the captain of your ship matter ? Allow me a moment to digress . Perhaps one of the greatest talents that we human beings have is the ability to tell stories , to dream . Ever since we invented fire and huddled around it , it 's how we left the daily grind behind , from Shakespeare 's stage to ' Leave it to Beaver . ' The media may change , but it 's still a window on fantasy . We escape our day , our families , our fears , even love . But we need it . And one day , we 'll have a new choice , the ultimate chance to escape . We can digitize our brain , digitize our persona , and upload it to the cloud , where we forget about our physical body , but it 's really our consciousness , our memories , who we are , and that is resident on a computational platform that has infinite growth potential . We would become the gods that we once feared and worshipped . I mean , could my avatar just be me but without all of the anxiety and insecurity ? Like , I think that would be great . She could , like , lose a few pounds and all that stuff , you know , typical lady crap . But I mostly just want her to , like , sleep better at night and , like , not worry that she like offended the guy at the deli by like ordering her coffee weird , you know ? That choice to play God , or just someone who doesn 't tick off a barista , in some futuristic microprocessor is hurtling toward us faster than you can imagine . And we are already smack in the middle of a soul-rattling , mind-bending revolution , where the ultimate destination will be plugging in and dropping out . We 're talking about a future where we are no longer shackled by all of the fickle quirks of brain chemistry . It will be an escape from reality so pure , I can 't see anyone not jumping on board that speeding digital train . But let me take you through it , step by digital step . The first step is already under way . Virtual reality is in its infancy , but it will soon be so developed that your sensory nervous system will believe every touch , smell , and taste in the simulated environments you choose to live in . That 's when you 'll be able to do everything plugged into a VR universe , from work to school to play . That virtual universe is a new environment on Earth called the metaverse , version 1.0 . A new and infinite reality where you , or your avatar , can do whatever your heart desires . Next there 's the metaverse 2.0 . That 's when we 'll discard our bodies , scan our brains into a computer , and live as a digital signal in an online cloud collective . Now don 't worry , you 'll probably still have your own identity . But in metaverse 2.0 , there is no escape hatch . It 's all paradise until someone 's avatar gets deleted . With a new world comes new dangers , and we 'll need to control and police the digital sphere from a whole host of new crimes . And here 's the thing that 'll really rock your world : some futurists believe , in fact , they think the odds prove , that we are already living in that simulation . You heard right . These are people with PhDs who are saying this . Before we begin the adventure , let 's step back in time and role play the first time you plug in . Our future family is taking a walk in the woods together , right ? Well , they are , except their bodies are here in their living room . Mom and daughter are big fans of living in that digital world ; now , if they can just convince Dad . So your designers can recreate anything . Yet they recreate Earth ? They create all kinds of things . Right . But ... I thought you 'd like to start with something familiar . What do you want to see , Dad ? It seems crazy to believe we 'd ever get a simulation to look this good . But remember where we were nearly 40 years ago when Atari first transformed the living room experience . Well , now think about how realistic a PlayStation VR is today . I was in fear of my life that these robot zombies were going to kill me ! Exactly . So , tack on another 40 years and imagine how much more amazing it 'll look if you want to digitally hike the Himalayas or parachute out of a virtual airplane into the Amazon Rain Forest . Or ... and this isn 't even in the future ... you could be Batman . I played the Batman virtual reality game where you wake up in Wayne Manor , you go down to the bat cave , you put on the bat suit , and it 's great . It , you feel like you 're Batman . You 'll be on the top of a rooftop in Gotham , and you look down , and I swear to God , sometimes I would feel a breeze go by me . Even though I was in my living room , like the rest of my body was being tricked into thinking I was outside at night in the rain . I love it . Man , that sounds cool . But right now , it 's still just a game . You know you 're pretending . It 'd be impossible to sustain for , say , a lifetime . But that 's only because VR is in the dark ages compared to where it will go . Today , virtual reality is a big headset , it 's bulky , but it will eventually become an invisible technology . We can definitely get closer to the retina with contact lenses . We should be able to make ourselves able to see things we don 't see . Hallucinate visually , basically . In the long run , we want to splice the signal straight into our nervous system . You know , all you have to do is trick five senses . You don 't have to do anything great . You just have to trick your eyes , trick your ears , trick your nose , and trick your touch , and you will be tricked . So once VR tricks you , you won 't know the difference between walking to the bus stop for real , or doing it while plugged into a totally digital landscape . It 's surprising to experience things that aren 't there , that are not real . You know they 're not real , but you still experience them . Our brains are pretty much the most sophisticated instruments on Planet Earth , so is it possible that some fancy contact lens or even a neural implant are going to make you believe with every fiber of your being that you are a Dark Ages knight or a Mars astronaut ? The question is how will you go from playing Batman to being Batman ? This little doll has your answer . Visionary artist and musician David Byrne is captivated by the potential of VR . He 's interested in looking at just how much the technology can trick our brains . Can these folks truly believe that they are this ugly little doll ? Everybody comes in , we have this kind of semicircle of chairs . A curtain parts in , in the middle , and they see a little doll in a chair . Welcome to your new body . Yes , I know you 'd rather be a superhero . But today , you 're the doll . It 's all about baby steps , people . We 're going to perform something called an embodiment . Go ahead and put on the virtual reality headsets or goggles . Now I need you to look down at your legs . And you should be seeing your new doll legs . Uh , what do you feel when I touch your knee ? So your eyes tell you that you are Brita . Now your sense of touch is reinforcing this reality . What you see is the doll 's knee being touched . But what you feel is your own knee being touched . That 's when they really feel like their body is the doll 's body . Then we kind of culminate by ... by threatening the doll 's body a little bit . If you just hold still , this won 't hurt a bit . Just a little pin prick . So I 'm just gonna go ahead with that . Okay . With the right audio and the right visual stimulation , your brain is willing to fill in all the rest of the sensations . The saying ' if you could walk a mile in someone 's shoes , ' that 's actually what you can do now . So , yes , it turns out VR can be extremely persuasive when it comes to showing you a simulated world . I would say that we , as humans , have already had a great deal of experience creating and entering other worlds . Our books , shows , our role-playing , our everything we do has to some extent been a creative exercise in trying to expand the limits of where we live . I think that the idea of using computers to simulate the world is just kind of the next logical step in that . And maybe , as some people have said , the last one . That 's right , the last one . That 's because once we step into that digital world , we might never want to leave it . That could be our future . It 'll be totally normal to live online all the time , in a massive planet-wide digital network known as the metaverse , where the sky 's the limit , and you can choose your own adventure every single day . Better than a cubicle , right ? The next technological boom propelling us forward from virtual reality will mark an event horizon so dramatic , that it very well may be the beginning of the end of human life as we 've defined it . I 'm not talking end of days ; it 's more an evolution of the human form . Once we get a taste of this escapism , we may never want to come back . And if you 're like me , you 're probably wondering , can I really be seduced ? And if so , what will it feel like to escape into this shared online world ? Well , try this on for size . If we have 100 billion brain cells , we have about 100 million or so of those that are leading out to our nerves ... Touch , our vision , smell , everything . What would it be like to have 100 times more nerves that were connecting you to the world around you ? What would it be like to , to touch someone with 100 more times the nerve endings than you have in your skin today ? And in a computer , you could do this . The metaverse , a limitless digital refuge from our less-than-perfect world . Driven by an artificially intelligent engine . Once we hook in , we will access recesses in our brain we never knew existed , connect with minds all over the planet , and collectively rebuild the world as we envision it , digital brick by digital brick . The metaverse connects all humans in one shared media space . You can interact with other people , like we do in the physical world . You can interact with the environment , move things , touch things . A shared , joint virtual reality , that you can move around in , that most of society have access to . In the future , we 'll be able to create an imaginary world the size of a planet . I mean , there will be virtual construction companies and architects and all these sorts of crazy jobs , that would sound ridiculous now but are completely inevitable . Even in a completely digital form , we 'll form into tribes and groups , and find our people and fall in love , and , and do all these things . But I bet we 'll still have very rich decisions going on around , you know , how we choose to live with each other . And that is still going to be a very fundamental conflict that is going to be just as real inside a digital matter as it would be in the real world . Ah , yes , the ever-evolving calculus of love and relationships in a world we design . The temptation could be unimaginable . Say you are a woman in a really long marriage , what do you do to add a little spice ? How about a game of role play ? Hey , stranger . What 's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this ? Exploring my options . I 'm sorry , but I 'm married . I won 't tell if you won 't . Now , if this world makes you uneasy , you 'll still have an escape hatch ... Simply unplug . But it may not be that simple . You may feel , well , more at home in the metaverse . In fact , there are some in today 's world who are already spending a lot of quality time in that bar , or rather , in this bar . In virtual clubs on a massive multiplayer online program called Second Life . Second Life attracts nearly a million patrons to a digital world , even without VR . My full name is Nick Loizides , and my avatar name is Loz Hyde . I 've been in Second Life just over 10 years . This is a prototype for the metaverse . Players live whatever life they choose . Living as whatever avatar they design . When you first log in , you go through this metamorphosis of recreating yourself into either your likeness or into something else . I 've seen people as mermaids or dragons . Whatever you want to be , you can be . For people like Nick , Second Life may be just as rich and nuanced as real life . The people that stick around and stay in for years have that moment , possibly spiritually , I guess , in some way . You do something like dance at the same time , and that drives another emotion . And of course , as you 're dancing , you 're not operating anything . Your avatar is literally just doing the moves , and it 's very graceful . And how can you blame Nick when this computer program can make your average dude , well , a graceful dancer ? Second Life is a new world full of experiences and possibilities . And that 's exactly what Second Life 's creator , Philip Rosedale , was looking to do when he dreamed up the program as a first step toward building the metaverse . Rosedale believes that the metaverse could set humanity free . When Second Life took off , we saw people are a good deal more free about being able to be themselves . The dynamics between women and men inside Second Life were different than they are in the real world . Women took over , dominated a lot of the economy and manufacturing , and I think some of that comes from the fact that we had finally removed all bias . I have a manager in there , Samantha is her name . She 's amazing . We have a club called Core , she basically runs that for me . Core , the nightclub , is underwater , so you have glass around , you can see fish . So the future bar where Oscar and Eva meet up for a digital tryst , those kinds of connections are being forged right now , even in today 's digital bars . And those relationships inspire real emotions , even love . The way I met Sam , my manager , I was dancing with somebody else , but I was flirting with her . Whether we meet in real life or not , whether I know what she looks like in real life or not , it doesn 't matter . I totally trust her and love her to death . Virtual reality could enhance a lot of the experiences that we 're already having now through the Internet and make them feel a lot more real , and give us much more emotional and visceral reactions . Programs like Second Life are laying the groundwork for a metaverse that will attract more and more users until it is as omnipresent as smart phones . But Second Life is about to take a giant step forward . It 's about to morph into something else , something that uses 3D virtual reality , and makes the program far more immersive , meaning that we are getting closer to being able to experience the metaverse , just like our future family does . Linden Lab , the company behind Second Life , is hard at work on developing a program called Sansar . It 's Second Life , but on steroids . You 'll be able to roam around a digital world , but now it will be fully 3D , interactive , and virtual reality-accessible . Instead of punching keys on a keyboard , it will mimic your movement . It 's realer . I put on my headset , and then I meet other people there . And I can have really natural social interaction with them , because I can use my body language . As my head moves , my avatar 's head moves , and as I speak , my mouth moves . Which then makes the way you communicate with people , and especially when you 're a group of people , it sort of becomes a very natural way of communicating with each other . Hey , Bjorn . Hey , Nick , how are you , man ? Good to meet you finally . Sansar 's VR world could make the online landscape even more appealing for dedicated Second Life players , like Nick . Nick , personally I 've only known him for a short time , basically , but I 've kind of seen him around Second Life . He applied for Sansar when we opened up what we call a creator preview . We selected him based on his previous work , to be part of us now , basically , one of the early creators in Sansar , to work with us . Let 's do some fun and switch avatars now , basically . Follow me up here , up these stairs . I will show you something fun . There you go ! And then try to throw it like this . See , I missed , I 'm really bad apparently . Nice ! Once VR makes a bar that looks real , is filled with beautiful people , and always has your favorite microbrew on tap , that 's when that online world may just be irresistible . We don 't have that computational power today . We 're not going to have it 100 years from now . But with quantum computers , it 's a game-changer . It means that things that are preposterous today become possible . When we choose to be hooked up to it all the time , that will be the birth of the metaverse 1.0 . But by the time we get there , what those experiences will give us will be so compelling that , you know , and then it 's there , and there we 're using it , and there 's no going back . The Matrix is coming for all of us . I don 't know that any of us has a choice . That 's right , Baratunde . We probably don 't . The seductive escape of the metaverse is ensnaring us in its web as we speak , and you are more vulnerable to it every single time you pick up that smart phone of yours . But if that makes you want to throw every single one of your screens away , wait until you hear about the next incarnation of the metaverse , where your body won 't even exist and you 'll have transformed into a post-human , living entirely inside the machine . It 's no secret that we humans are pretty obsessed with how we look . Look at how many billions we spend every year on beauty , fashion , and exercise . But what if you didn 't have to be limited by whatever biology you had the stupid luck to be born with ? Well , in the future , we 'll be able to escape the jail of our bodies . It sounds trippy , but the metaverse will eventually graduate to version 2.0 , where we will abandon our bodies , upload our minds , and live permanently on a hard drive . We 're talking about the ultimate escape . If you 're able to digitize your consciousness and send it to a cloud or a body , we 're talking about us all being able to leave our bodies behind . Sci-fi has recently imagined one version of this metaverse where humans upload to a server farm and choose , for whatever reason , a hip ' 80s dance club to hang out in . There 's an episode of ' Black Mirror' that had a version of this where you uploaded your consciousness to the cloud . And you could , you could choose where you wanted to hang out . Sort of what theme . And there were nightclubs and beaches , and it was like a resort style of life . But bar culture aside , not having a physical body will bring the human race to a whole new and super-advanced level . We 'll live as long as the computers keep working away . So when we get old and wise , we 'll be able to keep on getting older and wiser . People accumulate incredible amounts of experience over a lifetime , and then it goes away . If you upload brains , essentially what you 're doing , you 're preserving wisdom , you 're preserving knowledge . Digital consciousness is going to drastically change the way human beings think about their lives and what they 're supposed to achieve with them . We 'll become a very , very different species . I 'll leave my body behind for another body , but I don 't want to like be put into a car or like , you know , I don 't want to be KITT . That wouldn 't be fun for me . I 'm going to have to disagree with you , Matt . Being able to go 100 miles an hour on the Autobahn doesn 't sound too shabby . That 's why there are some intrepid explorers who will welcome that chance to upload . There are boundaries , Eva . There are lines you can 't cross , even for us . But why , why should there be ? There is a whole universe of new places and new ideas . Why keep getting pulled back into a physical body ? We don 't even know all the risks . What 's to stop me from being copied or hacked ? Oscar , I want to live in the digital world permanently . I want to upload for good . Why worry about pain and death if we can live forever there ? Does it even count as living if your physical body 's dead ? I 've been thinking about this for a long time . And I know what I 've got to do . But I would rather do it with your support . Okay . Someday enough people like Eva will make that leap to live digitally . That 's when a new society will form ... online . I think the digital world will form kind of bottom-up , the same way a society like America did . Small cities and groups that kind of fused together and found each other over long periods of time . The great thing about uploading your consciousness is go to work looking any way I want . Hey , guys , I 'm not wearing any pants . Mm-hmm . Seriously ! Who truly wants to wear pants to work ? Nobody . And it is that promise of being equally free from both oppressive leadership and pants that could propel people like Eva to run off and join the metaverse . But will it actually be possible to digitize your mind ? Futurists like Elon Musk are banking on it . He 's already unveiled the Neuralink initiative , which will link the brain with computing devices in the next 10 years . There are several attempts right now around the world to map the brain in excruciating detail , and that 's what 's required . It 's scanning technology . So it 's possible , it 's going to happen , I 'm positive of that . So you will be part of a computer . Yes , it sounds freaky . But here 's a major upside ... We could bring our dead back to life . One futurist is already working toward doing just that . I 've had a project to gather all the information about my father . He died when I was 22 , in 1970 . He kept all of his letters and all of his electric bills , and every document . The idea is to create an avatar that would represent my father . Ultimately , I think artificial intelligence can create a virtual person . So your friend passes away . So now you can text your virtual friend , and he 'll answer . It 's like back in the day when people looked at a statue and thought it had a little bit of the soul and essence of the original person in it . Why not have a holographic image with all the memories and mannerisms of Winston Churchill ? In the future , your descendants may go to the library and talk to you . Now here is where things get philosophically sticky . When we are all bodiless computer signals , is that still humanity ? Now , of course , it all goes back to the question of how do you define you ? Is that really you that 's been digitalized and uploaded in a computer ? Well , it depends on how you define you , and how you define soul . I 'd like to think that what makes us who we are transcends our physical form . And if we evolve to a digital form , a simulated form , the essence of who we are will stay with us . I think we are our consciousness . I think we are our experiences . Okay , so in a digitally rendered metaverse , what about our flaws ? Is that digital world utterly perfect , with no parking tickets or getting fired or messy breakups ? How do you have something as awesome as blues music if there 's no heartache ? Well , I , for one , am hoping the programmers think of that before I plug in . There 's that great line in The Matrix where they describe that they had created a different matrix that was perfect , it was like heaven . And the humans rejected it . Like they needed a crappy life to , to see as reality . Even if the metaverse 2.0 has a few warts to keep us interesting , I 'm thinking the perk of cheating death is awesome enough that the lines on day one are going to be like the ones you stood on for your Nintendo Switch . But there is a truly terrifying aspect of metaverse 2.0 ... You open yourself up to getting hacked . But it 's not your computer getting hacked here , it 's your brain . In the first incarnation of the metaverse , version 1.0 , the digital world will be an escape from the real world . But in metaverse 2.0 , when we leave our bodies behind , that 's the point of no return . Dad . It 's like volunteering to go on that first long flight to Mars . It 's probably a one-way ticket . It will be the end of humanity . But even for those with the best intentions like Eva here , there are stakes that we cannot ignore . There 's the kind of rosy possibility that the metaverse would bring us together , that we 'd all be able to convene in this place , and we 'd all look gorgeous 'cause of our avatars . But then there 's also this kind of , like , darker possibility , you know , where we learn that being in the metaverse is actually like no substitute for actual human interaction , and that it creates maybe more division , more seclusion , more isolation , maybe like more bigotry , and like maybe just like a far worse society . Chances are you 've clicked ' accept on those privacy agreements that come up when you download an Internet application or enter a website . Ever read those privacy agreements ? Me neither . If that 's the gateway to the newest social media site that everyone else is using , of course you 're going to say yes . Thing is , sometimes you 're giving a giant conglomerate access to the kind of things you 'd rather not let them know , things like your browser history or your email address . If that sounds a little too Big Brother for you , imagine what life will be like when you are digital , and your world is the metaverse , and you can 't exist unless you let the metaverse access every memory and thought in your brain . Houston , we have a problem . Especially since it 's likely that something as big as the metaverse isn 't going to be built by a couple of kindhearted hackers in their spare time . I imagine that initially , at least , this is corporate control . Because what other entity has the resources to build something like this ? And so you have an incredible concentration of power in corporate hands . We could ultimately create a replica of our own world that is just giving power to third parties . And that company has goals and aspirations . Those goals and aspirations are probably to sell you something , to study you , to collect data about you . People will lose more and more of their privacy . They will be advertised to more and more . They will be manipulated by these artificial intelligence bots that are running behind the scenes . You could get a situation where there 's a kind of hydraulic despotism , which is an old-fashioned term that basically says that if you control a very fundamental resource , you control everything . I want to have very detailed privacy controls on that upload . Not that I have anything to hide , but I might have one or two secrets I don 't want the Metaverse Corporation getting their hands on . You 'd hope we 'd be smart enough to click ' decline on any metaverse like this . And some believe that it 's a long shot that our new digital world will be in the hands of one single company . The largest-scale systems that we have today are almost all decentralized . They 're never owned by one company except in the movies . And so I believe that VR , and hopefully AI , these will be the product of everyone . I think that someone , hopefully me and my company , will build a standard kind of open source server that lets millions of people start to put up little communities and meeting places and teaching facilities . Even in that kind of best-case scenario , we are still human . We 'll still be greedy or angry or violent towards each other sometimes . People will always do what they do in the real world in the virtual worlds , too . So of course we 're going to see crime , and of course we 're going to see attempts at both preventing it and punishing it . There are both questions of virtual theft , but also virtual sexual harassment , virtual rape , virtual murder , maybe , if you delete somebody 's character . Although we won 't be able to come to physical harm there , we 'll still be able to hurt each other . People will still be able to isolate themselves from others , or make someone more alone than they want to be , for example , or exclude then from a group . It means that people will still have control over each other . You as a digital copy are going to be under constant threat . Somebody might want to copy you against your will . There 's even potential for the corruption of your source code . I mean , I think , you know , you 're looking at future regulatory agencies , and you 're looking at something like health regulatory agencies of today . I don 't know who wants the metaverse . You , you just wind up ... it 's like social media . I think if the metaverse is anything like social media , we 're in for a rough ride . If you don 't want to cross over , how will you negotiate living in what 's left of the real world ? Especially if your wife of several hundred years has made the decision to upload ? Hey , stranger . This is a nice surprise . Oh , could you , uh , could you , could you pass me that brush ? Yeah , thanks . Mom 's been asking after you . You know there 's no reason why you can 't visit . Yeah , I know , I 've just , I 've been busy . You 've been avoiding her . If you want to be together forever , the only place to do it is in the collective . Well , I get how Oscar might not want to have a life that could be ended with a delete key . But the thing is , we 've already started our gradual transition into living digitally . You probably didn 't even notice just how much you were using your phone 's GPS until you were utterly dependent on it . Well , that 's how it 'll be when you can start to plug into the metaverse . It 'll gradually take over without your ever knowing it . Unless it already has . I am sorry to be the one to tell you this , but the metaverse may have already been built , and we are in it . Can you prove that we aren 't living inside a giant digital simulation built by an advanced civilization ? I 'll answer that . No , you can 't . Which means maybe all you see , all you are , is just software . For better or worse , humanity 's future is in the cloud . We 'll plug in , abandon our mortal coil and live eternally in the metaverse . Just like our future family , burning a few simulated s 'mores around a virtual campfire . Just like life , right ? But that 's what leads to our most bone-chilling idea yet . There is a possibility that the metaverse isn 't in the future , but that we are living in it right now , and everything around you is a simulation . How hard would it be to create a new universe in the traditional sense ? That 's pretty tough . How hard is it to create a new universe in the simulated sense ? Not that tough . You get a powerful computer , turn it on , kick back , and let the software go and create that realm . Which means , over time , you would think there 'd be many more simulated universes than real universes . The oddsould suggest that everybody should come to the conclusion that they are in a simulated world . That would be the natural conclusion that any rational , logical , sentient being would come to in this framework . We ourselves might be parked inside of some kind of fancy super-computer that 's being run by , you know , our post-human forebears . So , we 're living in a simulation . We could just be living off of feeding tubes , hanging out in The Matrix . I think it 's impossible to tell by definition . The idea is that on an infinite timeline , with infinite possible alien species out there , and with the relative ease of building a digital environment on a computer , odds are that some intelligent race somewhere has built one . And more likely than not , there are lots of these universes . I , for one , am not finding that particularly comforting . It 's kind of the only thing that makes sense . All the stuff that is happening right now , seems it only has one inevitable conclusion , you know what I 'm saying ? Virtual worlds exhibit these little cracks or flaws in them . Well , guess what ? We see these little cracks in the simulation when we look at the real world . Stuff in the real world , protons and electrons , will sometimes go right through each other when they 're not supposed to . And so the funny hypothesis that comes from this is , if we 're seeing this problem with creating virtual worlds , and we 're seeing this problem in the real world , doesn 't this mean that because we see these little errors in the real world , we 're probably running on somebody 's computer ? There 's a theory out there that we might already be living in a simulation , to which I say , try harder . This is not a great simulation . There 's still a lot of garbage happening in the world , and I don 't love the way it 's being simulated . The most recent election has inspired a new round of ' this can 't be real ' in the Twitterverse . Look , it all goes back to Descartes , 'I think , therefore I am . ' It 's old philosophy with really new tech . If I 'm a simulation , should I not bother going to the gym anymore ? Or will that just mean that my avatar gets flabby ? You can go down a rabbit hole thinking about it . Maybe the race of beings that controls that world is so significantly more powerful , creative , clever , and dominating , that we die out of mere fear , that we wither under , 'cause we can 't handle that truth . Maybe the simulation is to protect us from a harsher reality . Did we kill ourselves in between ? Did we lose control ? Is there a battle between AI and humans ? Is the battle between the have and have-nots with AI before that ? Those are questions we just can 't answer yet . But believe you me , I 'm hoping we do . Simulated or not , in the Year Million , we will shed our physical selves , view the human form as something that held our consciousness and our society back , in the dirty old dark ages when we were enslaved to biology . Let 's look down the road , to after we exist on some hard drive . Communication will change drastically . Language itself will be as obsolete as our bodies , and we 'll relate to each other in new ways that scientists are just beginning to grasp .
