 - Delta 1 , we got a 10-53 at mile 37 . Stand by . It 's a black Nisan maxima . Alberta license plate , yr1 9142 . - Copy . It 's Alen vehicle , suspect could be armed . - Copy that . Searching the vehicle now . Code 9 . Code 9 . I found some metal disks hidden in the trunk . We 're gonna need a special unit . - Copy . Central 's been alerted . - Hello ? - Sir , Comissioner of border control here . - Yes , Michael , what is it ? - About 20 minutes ago a man was taken into custody in Montana not far from the border . He was trying to smuggle in around 10-pounds of weapons-grade uranium . - I am speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . I am speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . I am speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . Speaking to you . - Tough son of a bitch , ain 't he ? - By now he should be on his knees begging us to let him confess . - Push harder . This should do it . - What is it ? KH-5 ? - The enhanced version . It attacks the nerve cells even faster and the pain is ten-times worse . No one 's lasted more than a couple minutes . I give him five , tops . What the hell ? - Maybe we should up the dosage . - No . Max , get the hell out of there . Let 's get blood work done , let 's run every test possible . I k we 're dealing with a far bigger problem than a few pounds of uranium . Synthetic genes ? Nano devices ? - All that 's missing is a battery pack . Is this guy even human ? Is he , asking ... - Pen and paper . Max . Any ideas ? - Coordinates to me . - These I yeah , supernovae , comets . Something like that . I had a thing about astronomy in high school . I have no idea what these are . - I think they 're dates . - Dates . - Yeah . We live in the year 1433 according to e Islamic calendar . Looks like our prisoner can predict celestial events . It 's 140-years into the future . - Bullshit . - The first day on the list is tomorrow . Oh , look at that ! I 'll be damned . - The star blew up exactly where he said . What do you think , Fischer ? Who the fuck is this guy ? - As insane as it sounds , I think he 's from the future . There is no other explanation for it . - A time-travelling terrorist . That doesn 't sound scary at all . - Agent Carmen Reese . Well it 's nice and quiet up here . Almost makes one believe that all is peachy in the world out there . If you need me I 'll be outside . - Oh , Fischer . Why am I not surprised ? - Forgive the intrusion , Carmen , but you left me no choice . In the envelope is the directive terminating your leave of absence , effective immediately . - Since when did you become my boss ? - It 's signed by the president . - Well you can tell the president that I 've decided not to return to my job . - Well you can tell him that yourself . But first I need you to hear me out . The data disk contains a brief on a prisoner I 've been working with for years . An extraordinarily-dangerous individual who holds the fate of our world in his hands . - So that was your top-secret assignment ? - Look , I kept you out of it for your own good . Yeah . Now I 'm desperate . I need help . - You 've got the entire agency at your disposal . - I need someone I trust . - Are you okay ? - Whoa . Um ... Things have gotten strange , Carmen . And I feel like I 'm losing my mind but , I 'm this close to figuring it all out . - Fischer , don 't you get it ? I 'm in no position to help you . - I know you 're still looking for answers for what happened . Trust me , I know how it feels to be haunted by the what-ifs and if-onlys . To be tormented by 1,000 imaginary pasts . What if I told you your imagination can be made real , Carmen ? Look , if there 's one thing I 've learned from this prisoner that I know to be true is that time , time is not what it seems , Carmen . Time is nothing . Please , help me . - That 's the marine barracks . For a special ops battalion . 122 men . Luckily we haven 't had much use for them so far . I 'm field station captain Paul Williams . - Agent Reese . - Welcome to the sandbox . Here 's your keycard . Your com access has been set up as well . - Air lock ? - Sandbox is a nuke-proof facility . You can 't be too careful these days . Fischer 's been paged . He 'll meet you on the other side . - Thank you . - Can I help you , ma 'am ? - Uh yeah , I 'm looking for agent Fischer . - Friendly guys . - - Sorry . We don 't get many women down here . You know agent Fischer well ? - Yeah , he was my mentor when I joined the agency years ago . Likes to think he still is . - It 's this one . Agent Fischer , Pfc Sullivan here . I have a visitor for you , sir . Yeah , he 's a cool guy . He shares smokes with us , tells us jokes . - Fischer can be a funny guy when he wants to . - I 'll call him . - Yeah . Fischer ! Williams , I 'm looking for Fischer . Do you know where he is ? Fischer ? - Hold on . The last time he used his keycard was to enter his apartment . But that was two days ago . - Fischer ? - Agent Carmen Reese . - Commander Jefferson . - That 's right . I 'm the one supposedly in charge here . Why didn 't Fischer tell me you were coming ? - Oh , I don 't know , sir . I 'm sure if he didn 't tell you he had his reasons . - Well he 's been avoiding me all week . Now he goes and kills himself . - You know , Fischer was troubled when he called but he , was not suicidal . - What exactly did he say to you ? And that he needed my help . - Then help . - On the world tonight , no end in sight . Thousands more refugees from New York and Pennsylvania arrive in the mid-west bringing their total number to over two-million . In the grip of violence , president Turner imposes martial law in Southern California to quell large-scale riots that show no sign of abating . And in international news , a powerful explosion rips through an industrial complex in Mumbai killing over 50 workers . Indian authorities are investigating the cause . The blast occurred shortly after the workers returned from lunch and several eye witnesses report to seeing ... - say happy birthday ! 'Cause she was big . Sally had made a cake . - Industrial complex which is located north-east of Mumbai is home to several high-tech companies that manufacture ... - All right . We get it . Yonna prove to us that you 're special . That you can see the future . Maybe it 's because you 're from there . If that 's true , if you 're really a time-traveler , then it stands to reason that you did not come alone . That others made the journey with you . Now maybe this is normal where you come from . Where people just leap across centuries at will . And who knows , who knows what other miracle skills you have at your disposal . Tools and weapons that we can 't even begin to imagine . Yet , here you are . You 've been trapped in a closet , the same closet for three-months . And maybe , just maybe you 're starting to realize that your buddies , your buddies from the future , they have absolutely no intention of rescuing you . - Standing by . It 's an Albanian-Serbian creole , it means , 147 . - 147 years . Is that how far you jumped ? You didn 't come alone , did you ? - We came with our leader , Abraham . - Abraham ? - The father of three great religions . Which is why he took that name for himself . - How many other friends came with you ? - They are not my friends . - Then why join them ? - I believe in their cause . - Which is ? You wanna change the past . Is that it ? - You can 't change the past . But you can create a new one . - Thank you . You 're being helpful , sir . I 'm Fischer . - Ramiro . - Is that your name ? I 'm pleased to know it , Ramiro . - Don 't put me back in that cell , Fischer . - I have to . - I have a set of demands . Minimal requirements that will earn you my cooperation . - Yeah , couple names and the vague beginnings of a story are not really gonna earn you much . - Then I 'll ask you this . Do you want to defeat Abraham and his men ? Do you want to save your world ? - Sorry . - Fischer ! - Medic ! We need it right now ! Come on , come on . Stay with me . I don 't know what happened , he just collapsed . - He 's in v-fib . - Come on , come on ! - Defibrillating . 100 . Clear . Clear . Clear . He 's dead . - No no no . What do you mean he 's dead ? How can a man just die at will ? No ! He 's dead . What the fuck ? - This is my first and last warning , Fischer . The next time , I won 't come back . - Any news from Lincoln , Nebraska ? - It 's fine . Nothing has happened there as far as we know . - You know it 's been two years since I saw my family ? It 's hard . On 't get much news down here , even when Indian point point happened , they didn 't tell us for a whole week . - What did they tell you ? - That a dirty bomb went off at the nuclear reactor . - No . It was not a dirty bomb , it was a Soviet warhead that was supposedly decommissioned 12-years ago . That 's what killed half-a-million people . Including my sister and my niece . So you and Fischer , how close were you ? - Well I didn 't see it coming if that 's what you 're asking , ma 'am . - I don 't think that anyone did . But still you were the last person to see him alive . - I was ? - Yeah . So , what was his mood that day when you spoke to him ? - Actually , I didn 't . Fischer didn 't even say hi . He went straight in , same thing when he came out . - How long was he in there for ? - Barely five minutes . - Fischer unplugged the cameras . So we have no idea what happened in there . So he goes into his apartment , he 's alone for two days and nobody hears from him or talks to him . - Actually , I heard him . I mean , I heard his voice last night as I walked past his door , I heard him talking on the phone . - Could you make out what he was saying ? - No , but it sounded like he was having an argument . - Are sure he was on the phone ? - Well there 's nobody else in there . - Bad news , Fischer . The tests failed again . We haven 't found a functioning equation , that 's the problem , and I don 't understand why . We 've done everything right based on original parameters . Unless they 're wrong somehow . Is that possible ? I don 't know , Fischer . I 'm out of ideas . Looks like this is the end of project sigma . Doctor Ellis speaking . - Yeah hi , this agent Carmen Reese . I 'm Fischer 's replacement . - Yeah , I heard about Fischer , what happened ? Did he really kill himself ? - It appears so but I have my doubts . Look , I need to talk to you , about project sigma and this equation that you 're after . - This used to be a darker facility back in the 50 's . Did all kinds of experiments here . Mind control , genetic manipulation . You name it . Sometimes it feels like nothing 's changed . Only we 're the lab rats now . - Clear . - Good luck . - Hello . - Agent Carmen Reese . - What a lovely name . I guess you could say I 'm somewhat of an audiophile . I love my oldies , but you already know that . Coffee ? Tea ? - No , thank you . - Where is Fischer ? - He 's dead , he killed himself . - How sad . He was my best friend in a way . - You don 't seem surprised . - This world is like a dream , Carmen . Are you ever surprised in a dream ? Did you know Fischer well ? - I did . - Were you lovers ? I know you weren 't . - Why 's that ? - You 're not his type . You must have made quite the impression on your superiors . The fact that they handed you this most crucial assignment . - I 'll have a green tea . - Well , now that you are going to be my new best friend , I 'd like to know a little bit more about you . - What would you like to know ? - Like , what have you been up to since all of this began ? - I served in Iraq for a while . - Ah , searching for those elusive WMDs , I suppose . - In the beginning , yeah . Then the insurgency began and my assignment changed . Suddenly I was given hundreds of shackled prisoners and this checklist that made no sense to me . At the time . - A checklist ? - We were told that our suspects would be in their 20 's to 30 's . They wouldn 't be Iraqi . Probably not even middle-eastern but that they would have strange accents . Maybe they wouldn 't have an accent at all . I tortured them . Because I was told that these foreigners would display an extraordinary tolerance to pain , even in the worst interrogations . - Tailored genes and nano devices are quite common in my world . - Especially among the impoverished , I understand . To help them deal with their miserable lives . - I trust you took blood samples . - Thousands . They were sent back home , tested for key genes . - Genes that could be easily hidden or removed . - Easily . - I warned Fischer . I couldn 't be certain regarding the genetics of the other warriors . Or their current identities . - But yet you knew that they would be in Iraq . - Iraq was explicitly mentioned to me . Please , allow me . - By who ? By Abraham ? - Yes , by Abraham himself . He said that Sadam would be our primary focus . I can understand your frustration . There are 30-million people in Iraq . Your task was almost impossible . - Almost . - Did you find someone ? - We found a young woman . No family , no papers . I worked her , and I worked her , and all I got was the name of a river in Kashmir . - Kashmir . Fischer never mentioned the girl to me . Is she being helpful ? - Not since she managed to kill herself . - Oh . Suicide implants . - No , she slammed her forehead into the corner of a desk , rupturing her cortex . - How awful . But look at the bright side , your success did not go unnoticed . You earned yourself a promotion . Sorry to interrupt . I need you to step out for a moment , Carmen . - What is it ? - Well it 's not a bomb or a weapon . It wound in the wreckage of the blast in Mumbai . - The one a couple of days ago ? - The one that destroyed an entire industrial block . No one knows what caused it . - I bet Ramiro does . - Where did you get that ? It 's okay , it 's perfectly harmless . Please , allow me to show you . May I ? - Where did it go ? - Nowhere . It 's just suspended in time . Temporarily . Four , three , two , one . Voila . Which makes it the key component in the construction of a portable time machine . - We need to keep this off the grid . No one , and I mean no one , needs to know about this . I will brief the director myself . - If Abraham gets hold of a new time machine , we 'd have no defense . - He 'd just go from city to city setting off future explosions and ... - It 'll be Indian point all over again . Only 1,000-times worse . - You didn 't sleep , did you ? - No . - What 's going on ? - Well this is going to sounds crazy . I saw my son yesterday . Swear to god it was him . He had the same walk . He had the same smile . Just when you think you 're ready to forgive yourself , you know ? - Jordan 's death wasn 't your fault . - Yeah it was . Should never be doubted . Lt , - look at me . There was nothing that you could have done , nothing . - Yes there was . There still is . - What 's that supposed to mean ? - Carmen . Nothing is set in stone . Time , it 's not what it seems . - What are you talking about ? - Time is nothing . Nothing . - Does this have to do with your sandbox assignment ? Fischer , come on . If there 's anybody that you can tell , it 's me . - Breaking news . - What 's that ? - An explosion has occured at the Indian point power plant north of New York City . The radioactive fallout is rapidly drifting south , and the president has ordered the immediate evacuation of cities in northern Pennsylvania , Virginia and the entire tri-state area . - Oh my god . My sister is in Brooklyn . - A nuclear device , likely smuggled on site via the Hudson river . Its type and origin will be determined once the isotopic signature ... - Bad news , Fischer . The tests failed again . We haven 't found a functioning equation , that 's the problem . - I am this close to figuring it all out . And now I 'm desperate , I need help . - It doesn 't make any sense . Do you know that Fischer lost his wife and kid ? If he was gonna commit suicide , he would have done it a long time ago . - Maybe it all finally caught up with him . What is it ? - Signs of a struggle . Maybe . - Snider , I need you here please . Need to do blood ... - And ... - - Wait . Hold on . Fingerprints ? - I 'm betting those are from Wednesday . - Bring the chronoscan too . I need you to date fingerprints . You think Fischer was murdered . - One way or another . - No one 's stepped inside that apartment . - Wouldn 't even talk to anyone on the phone either . - The autopsy was clean . - I think Abraham has an agent inside sandbox . - Yeah , the prints are from Wednesday , and they 're Fischer 's . - Sweep the place for foreign fingerprints . - Fischer 's visitor , whoever he was , managed to outsmart the most advanced security system in the world . Do you really think that he left fingerprints ? - We may get lucky . - Just when you think the situation couldn 't get any worse . - We 've implemented class-3 surveillance protocol and a comprehensive review of all sandbox personnel is underway . - Find the mole , agent Reese , and quickly . I don 't need to tell you what 's at stake here . - Sir , I strongly suggest that we undertake a similar review of all security agencies . Irrespective or seniority , every agent , every official should be thoroughly screened . - I 'll recommend it to the ... What is it ? - Uh , nothing . - Do you think Abraham is still in India ? - I do . It 's a lot easier to hide among a billion people . And besides , India gives him the right technological base for constructing his time machine . - The Indians are scared shitless . They 're afraid we 'll bomb them into oblivion like Pakistan , which is exactly what the president wants to do . - The Indians are our allies . I 'm sure they 're gonna give us whatever help we need in finding Abraham . - We can 't tell them about Abraham , agent Reese . Because then we 'll have to tell them about Ramiro , and that would be giving away the store now , wouldn 't it ? - Birthday , ' cause she was big . Sally had made a cake . - I am this close to figuring it all out . Now I 'm desperate . I need help . Please , help me . - This world is like a dream , Carmen . Are you ever surprised in a dream ? - Fischer . I missed you so much . Hello ? Somebody there ? Sandra . - Catch me if you can , aunt Carmen . - What do you mean the camera 's offline ? - Only for about 10 seconds . It happens every 24 hours when the camera does a re-sync . - Which Jim obviously knew . Okay Williams , keep an eye on him . Send me his file . - Will do . One more thing , agent Reese , I 'm not sure what to make of it but it seems that Jefferson 's been communicating with someone secretly . - Secretly ? - He sent a couple messages last night then deleted the log entries from the mainframe but he forgot the backup . - Messages to whom ? - Someone at the Pentagon . Ah , it 's probably nothing . Maybe we should just ... - find out exactly who he 's been communicating with . And be careful , don 't tip him off . - Elmez . That 's where I 'm from . It 's a city in the Balkan peninsula that doesn 't exist yet , and in the time that I come from , it doesn 't anymore . It was destroyed during the liberation of Albania by the United States . The last Islamic Republic ff in the world . - But what happened to the rest , did the U.S. invade all the Muslim countries ? - They didn 't have to . They played the Arabs against the Persians , the Asians against the Africans , and watched them devour each other . Paranoia . It 's the greatest weapon there is . - So that 's why you 're here . But how , this whole time-travel thing just seems preposterous to me . - I figured you 'd ask . This should give you some idea . - Has this something to do with the Casimir effect ? - Fischer . I 'm impressed . - Parallel plates sat so close together that they tap into the energy field of a vacuum . - Which then punches a hole through space-time . - How was the machine tested ? Was an object sent into some distant past and then just dug up from a fossil bed ? - That can 't be done , my friend . - Why not ? - Because when you go back in time , an alternate reality is created . A new timeline branching out from the original one . It 's the universe 's way of preventing time-paradoxes . Like I said before , we can 't change the past . - But we can create a new one . - And nudge it in any direction we want . - So when did you time-travelling jihadists arrive ? - September 9th , 1999 . - Where ? - Kashmir , near the Shyok river . - Why Kashmir ? - Because that 's where the time machine was in my day . Point-to-point transfer is how it works . - How many came ? - 99 of us . - So on the ninth day , of the ninth month , of the 99th year , 99 of your guys show up . - Nine is of special significance in Islamic number-theory . It denotes judgement day . - I see . So what can you tell me about your leader Abraham ? - He 's the smartest ... The most tenacious man I 've ever met . Also the most ruthless . No one knows exactly where he 's from but he was born into one of the richest families in the world . He used his entire inheritance preparing for this mission . - Wait . It 's the future . - Pardon me ? - That 's how the machine was tested . If an object is sent to the past , it lands up in a new reality , there 's no way of retrieving it . But if it 's sent into the future , it remains in the same timeline , doesn 't it ? Because the future hasn 't occurred yet , there aren 't any paradoxes , am I right ? - The test object was sent a few minutes into the future . And there it appeared . Just out of thin air . - Which makes me wonder . What would happen if you threw small lumps of uranium ahead in time and aimed them to appear at the exact same place , at the exact same moment ? All that nuclear material pumped into the same tiny volume . What kind of boom would that make ? What kind of boom would that make ? - Abraham was constructing a portable time-machine . - Well now we know why he was hiding from us . - Why tell us now ? I mean , if Ramiro hadn 't have shown us , we never would have guessed what that device was for . Have you considered the possibility that his accident was staged ? That he was sent here on purpose ... - no . - That he remains here by choice . - Nonsense . - Okay , there 's 329 nano devices in that guy 's body . For all we know , he could walk through the fucking walls . - Then why would he undermine his mission with all this intel ? It was perfectly credible . Wherever he sent us we found hard-evidence that Abraham and his men has been there . In some cases , only a few days before we showed up . Okay , it would be terrific if we could get a hold of one of Ramiro 's buddies and corroborate his story but until that happens ... - Ll what about the woman that I found ? From Baghdad . She talked , right ? - She talked , she sang . The interrogation she was put through , she told us exactly what we needed to hear . - Are you suggesting that she wasn 't real ? - They told her apart , cell-by-cell . Not one nano device , not one extra gene was found in her body . - The sec-def , are you sure ? - Positive . Jefferson sent those messages directly to him , bypassing his chief of staff . - The secretary of defense . - And , I discovered something else . Over the past year we 've had a few glitches with our video recorders . On five separate occasions the same software error caused entire interrogation sessions to be erased . - Do you think that was done on purpose ? - Now I know it was . On Jefferson 's orders . - Why didn 't you tell me about the secret interrogations ? - What secret interrogations ? - Don 't fuck with me , Jefferson . - They were Fischer 's idea and I okayed them . - Why ? - Look , I don 't think I need to remind you , agent Reese , that I have full authority to do so . - So do I , commander Jefferson , to demand an explanation . - Some of things that Ramiro were telling us were damn-right scary . The kind of things that are best kept off the grid . - What kind of things ? - Ramiro suspected that another country , an enemy of ours , has also captured one of Abraham 's men . - Based on what ? - His intuition . Which psychological tests have shown is highly-developed . - Wow . His intuition . He didn 't happen to say which country , did he ? - No . - And what about the last time Fischer went in ? - I had nothing to do with that and you know it . Ripping cables off a camera is no way of keeping a secret . - Fischer didn 't care . He knew Ramiro was gonna tell him something so scary he didn 't wanna take a risk and Ramiro didn 't disappoint . And then his mysterious visitor appeared , and whatever transpired next , drained away any hope Fischer had of saving the situation . As far as he was concerned , it was game over . - What did Ramiro tell him ? - I wish I knew . - Maybe he revealed the identity of Abraham 's agent . - That 's an interesting thought . - But then , why would Fischer kill himself , right ? I mean , wouldn 't he just tell me like he always did after every single session ? - I don 't know . You tell me . - What 's that supposed to mean ? - Violence in the Chinese province of Hunan . An overnight raid by Muslim separatists on an army barrack resulted in the death of four pla soldiers . Meanwhile , the foreign ministry announced that the Chinese premier will travel to Russia next week . The talks are aimed at increasing cooperation to combat the growing Islamic insurgencies in the two countries . A U.S. military build up in the Indian ocean continues . Today , two aircraft carrier battle ... - but what 's that got to do with any of this ? - What if Abraham is arming the separatists ? They seem to be gaining ground both in Russia and in China . - I still don 't see why we shouldn 't strike India . - Because we don 't even know if he 's there . - Well last time you seemed pretty sure . - Iraq turned out to be a handful and India is no Iraq . - We 're a lot wise now , agent Reese . We know exactly what to do this time . - Well don 't you think we should wait for some positive intel ? - How can we wait when the weapon we 're up against is time itself ? Yes ? What do they want ? What the hell ? - Kashmir . It 's a gorgeous place . But your arrival site is even more impressive . It 's like a passing god has sneezed . Circle 50-feet-across has been swept clear . And after all these years , the soil still remains magnetized . But you know what surprises me , Ramiro ? Is that the local villagers didn 't see any strangers in the area . Not even one . - We travelled in small groups . Over the mountains towards Pakistan and at night only . - But still , there was 100 of you . So you made your way to Canada via Europe . - The rest were to slip into Iraq . That was the plan . - They lied to you . I don 't think anyone from your group stepped foot in Iraq . - But you said you found a girl . - It was a bluff . I wanted to see how you 'd react . But when Iraq turned up empty , people panicked . I mean , there was a lot of other U.S.-hating dictators for Abraham to arm , not to mention Isis but you insisted on Iran and Pakistan . Countries that you knew we would have no chance of orchestrating a popular revolution . - That 's precisely why I thought Abraham might be there . - Precisely . - Not my fault that things turned out the way they did . You people rushed to war . - Iran maybe , but Pakistan was a no-brainer . I mean , if they could shelter bin laden for so many years , they bloody-well could do Abraham . - And now it 's India 's turn . - How did you know about that ? - Well you found the device . - I didn 't tell you the device was in India . - I hear the guards talking . - The guards know nothing . - Then I must have another source . - So Abraham hasn 't abandoned you after all . 'S got an agent in here , helping you run the show , because that 's what this is , isn 't it ? Is a show . Your accident , your capture . 15 years of bullshit ! All designed to send us on a wild-goose chase , invading country after country , keeping us from where we really need to be . - Slow down . Hm ? Where would you get a crazy idea like that ? - It 's the truth ! Admit it ! - You really need to get some sleep , Carmen , because now , you 're just hallucinating . - You fuckin ' ... Make you pay for my sister ! For Fischer ! For my niece ! Everyone else ! - Step back . Stop it . - Get on the floor . - What ? - Get on the god-damn floor . - What are you doing , ma 'am ? - You working for this son of a bitch now ? Huh ? You an agent for Abraham ? - What ? - I saw you , Jim . In the electrical room . What have you got in there , a com device ? A weapon ? - It 's nothing , ma 'am . It 's just some weed . - Weed ? - Look , they search our quarters regularly . There 's nowhere else to hide it . - What 's going on here ? - Then it 's you . You 're the mole . Why else would you send secret messages to the sec-def and then cover your tracks ? - You 're out of your fuckin ' mind . - Why ? - Get her out of here . - Who else is involved ? Huh ? Who are the other traitors ? - Bring her to detention , now . - I was trying to be discreet , okay ? It was a personal matter I talked to the sec-def about . - A personal matter . Really . - My daughter is on one of those aircraft carriers headed for the Indian ocean . I 'm gonna get her transferred back to base . It 's inappropriate , I know but right now I don 't give a rat 's ass . I 'll do whatever I can to protect my family . Wouldn 't you ? - But you didn 't , Carmen . You abandoned your family ! No wonder you can 't sleep . Guilt , as they say , should never be doubted . - No . - Calm down . What 's the matter with you ? - Fischer had a lot of faith in you . I think you 're delusional . Your mission here is terminated , agent Reese . Now get out of my facility . - Things have gotten strange , Carmen . I feel like I 'm losing my mind . - You abandoned your family ! - I saw my son yesterday . - No wonder you can 't sleep . - Guilt , as they say , should never be doubted . - Guilt , as they say , should never be doubted . Agent Carmen Reese ? - Yep . - Please hold for the president . - Mr. president . - Well you 've certainly ruffled a few feathers , agent Reese . I haven 't seen the sec-def this steamed up in a long while . Jefferson too . - It was a mistake . I went overboard with my suspicions , sir . - No , you did exactly what was needed in times like these . We could use more people like you . The NSA sent this over today . They now believe that Abraham and his men have the capability to impersonate anyone they want through genetic manipulation . Can you imagine that ? Anyone . Did you know that on the day Indian point was bombed , Fischer was out on leave ? - And ? - Maybe he was one of them . - Sir , if Fischer was one of Abraham 's men then maybe I am . Maybe you are too . - How dare you . - Maybe you don 't even know it . If our enemies have the ability to impersonate us , they could rewire our brains . I mean , why not start with the president of the United States ? - Well what happened about Fischer then ? If he was innocent , why did he kill himself ? - I think it had something to do with the message that he got from doctor Ellis a few days earlier . - From project sigma . - Fischer was close to figuring something out . He confronted Ramiro , we have no idea what was said , but Ramiro told him something that devastated him . - Fischer was already feeling guilty and his visitor ... - the mole ? - Fischer 's visitor wasn 't one of Abraham 's agents . - Then who was he ? - Do you realize what you 've done ? All those lives lost . All the destruction . It 's all your fault , dad . - Jordan , please stop . Please stop . - What , you want me to fucking pity you ? You want me to take you in my arms and tell you everything will be okay ? - Stop . I don 't even know why I 'm talking to you . You 're a god-damn hallucination . - You wanna get rid of me ? There 's only one way to do that . And you know what it is . - Fischer 's dead son ? - Jordan died of a drug overdose , Fischer was a single dad , he blamed himself . - But what 's this gotta do with Ramiro ? - Because Ramiro was the only one that could give Fischer the redemption that he needed in the form of a time machine . That 's why Fischer was so desperate to make project sigma work . Whatever Ramiro told him that day shattered it , once and for all . - And that caused him to hallucinate ? - No , that was because of his hyper-insomnia which he 'd had at sandbox since he got there . - And how in all the world would you possibly know that , agent Reese ? - I knew Fischer very well , sir . And , I 've been having the same thing at sandbox . Insomnia , hallucinations ... - and you think Ramiro 's doing this . Yes ? Okay , do it . Civil liberties are the least of my concern right now . His name came up during an internal review . - What did he do ? - Nothing . Thank you coming , agent Reese . I 'm gonna reinstate you to your job for now . I don 't care what you do , who you piss off , just get me results , and soon . - Yes , sir . - You can 't change the past . - But we can create a new one . - And nudge it in any direction we want . - What if Abraham is arming the separatists ? They seem to be gaining ground both in Russia and in China . - How many came ? - 99 of us . We traveled in small groups over the mountains towards Pakistan . - We haven 't found a functioning equation . That 's the problem . - They played the Arabs against the Persians , the Asians against the Africans and watched them devour each other . - Paranoia , the greatest weapon there is . Mr. president . - What now , agent Reese ? - Mr. Ident , I can get you what you want . But I need full-authority , level five clearance . - Level five ? - I know you don 't trust anybody right now , sir , but you don 't have another option . - Carmen ! - I 've been pounding on the door , are you okay ? - Yeah . Yeah , Jefferson . Look , I 'm sorry . I owe you an apology . - Yeah well you can forget about it . Russia 's been hit . - Hit ? - - Moscow . Half a megaton . - Holy shit . - And it 's gonna get worse . Seems in the chaos after Indian point , someone with the necessary skills ripped open an airforce bunker and took eight warheads . This is just one of them . Looks like someone wants payback for Indian point . - Yeah but the Russians weren 't responsible . I mean , at least not directly . - Clearly not everyone believes it . - What 's the word from the Kremlin ? - There is no Kremlin . Luckily , their president was talking to the Chinese premier in Saint Petersburg . We 've talked to him a couple of times since . I have to talk to the sec-def for further updates . - Okay , I 'll talk to my sources and see what I can find out . I 'll call you in a bit . - I appreciate the apology . I guess I overreacted too . - It was with profound shock and sadness that I learned of the devastating attack on Moscow . On behalf of every American , I wanna offer my deepest condolences to the Russian people . - So what 's happening ? - Russian generals are pressing for immediate retaliation , but the president is willing to give us the benefit of the doubt . But Jefferson , if another blast happens ... - what the hell ? - Yes , what ? - Of freedom . We will stand against them as our ... - Jefferson ? - Saint Petersburg and Volgograd have just been hit . We 're going into full lock-down . - Emergency condition protocol red . Locking sectors a , c , d , I. Emergency life support ... - he hasn 't slept in four days . This morning he didn 't even pray . Should we tell him something ? - Let the uncertainty gnaw at him . We 've got him by the balls . What 's the use now ? - How 's life in Lincoln Nebraska , Jim ? Your family , are they well ? There 's been another attack , yes ? Did the Indians sneak in a couple of nukes ? Was a nearby military base hit , or ... A reactor , yes , of course . - We should get him out of there . - No , wait . - How long will we have to wait ? Two weeks ? A month , to be rescued ? - A couple of nukes ? Try 1,000 . Every major city has been wiped out . Wild fires and poisonous rain are taking care of the rest . You can 't tell the difference between night and day , and forty-below is the warmest it gets . - The Indians did this ? - First it was the Russians then the Chinese joined in but we bombed them into the stone age . - Shit . - Get in the cell , now . - It 's all because of you . - Step back , Sullivan . And put your gun down . I will shoot if I have to . - Jim ? Take it easy , okay ? Killing him is not gonna change anything . - What the hell are you talking about ? We 're done . We 're dead already . - Not everything is lost . Okay ? You just need to trust me . - Monster . - No ! This ? This is what you wanted ? A nuclear winter ? The end of all of us ? - No . - No ? - I didn 't think you peo were so weak , reckless , and incredibly stupid ! - Well I 'm sorry , to disappoint you , Ramiro . Or should I call you Abraham ? 'Cause there is no Abraham , is there ? And there is not army of time-travelling jihadists , there 's just you . You arrive in Kashmir , alone . 17-years-ago with what ? A little bit of uranium . A few odd gizmos from your world , enough physical evidence to give your story some legs . I mean , why send an entire army when one soldier armed with the right words will do just as well ? You were right . Paranoia is the greatest weapon there is . And it was a brilliant plan . I will give you that . Draw the U.S. into self-destructive wars while arming the islamists to take over China and Russia . 15 , 20 years from now , this world would be unrecognizable . - You 're smart , Carmen . Far smarter than Fischer ever was . - That 's how you got to him . You just told him the truth . And the poor guy realized that every life that had been lost was because he fell for your lies . - Fischer was a fool . He gobbled up everything I fed him without ever questioning it . But you , on the other hand ... - you overestimate my abilities . Just like you did your own . You are like this , sadistic interrogator . You came here to torture us . To inflict as much pain as you could , the maximum that we could bear . But you went too far , and you killed your subject . - I say we kill him . He 's no use to us anymore . - I agree . Let 's not give him the courtesy of a bullet to the head . Let 's take him out to the surface and let him die a slow death . - Take it ! Just take it ! - A little late , don 't you think ? - You have no idea what I just gave you . It 's the full schematic , everything you need to know to build your very own time machine . - Yeah but you forgot the most important part . The equation . - What equation ? - The man is on the verge of death and he 's still playing games . - What are you talking about ? - Project sigma , our scientists have been working on a time machine based on his early drawings but they can 't come up with a functioning equation because the calculations are based on 99 of these guys . - I don 't remember any equation . - You can remember the coordinates of dozens of supernovae but you can 't remember a single equation . - I don 't remember it ! - We 're gonna figure it out in a couple of years anyway . - We 're getting close to the surface . - Good luck , Ramiro . Your extra genes and your gizmos aren 't gonna be of any use against radiation sickness . - Give me something to write with . Anything ! - You have 15 seconds . - There it is . Now hit the button . - Where 's the second part ? - What second part ? - Nine . Eight . Seven . Six . Five . - That 's the full equation ! Now hit the fucking button ! - Stand down . What happened ? - He set off his suicide implant . Think his brain is fried but you should probably check . Take a picture of that equation and send it to doctor Ellis at Darpa , he 's expecting it . - Right away . Medic team to the airlock . Level one . - Everything was faked . - Except Jim , of course . - Newscasts . Messages . - Digital magic . Some play acting by real people . - Even the president ? - He was pretty good , wasn 't he ? - But we felt the explosions . - A few nukes detonated in some surrounding mine shafts . A little bit risky but effective . Jefferson . That equation will let us change everything . - Thank you .
