 Imagine deep in the future , you and your loved ones have carved out time to take in a concert . But this isn 't just your average jam session . Let me take you behind the scenes . This is what 's actually happening . You and all your fellow concert-goers , your brains are hardwired together . Still not getting it ? For the price of admission , when all of your brains are connected , you can be the performer , the audience , the orchestra , the vibrations in the air itself . You hear a melody , it sparks an emotion , a memory . Down the rabbit hole you go . Imagine literally teleporting yourself to that moment in time and actually living the experience . Welcome to your future , in the hive mind . It 's the deep future . Your body , gone . You 're all computer , all the time . Your brain is way more powerful than even a billion supercomputers . Jobs , food , language , water , even traditional thought , all of humanity 's building blocks , all that 's done . And you are immortal . Squirming in your chair yet ? You should be . This isn 't science fiction . Today 's visionary thinkers say it 's a strong probability that this is what your world is going to look like . Tonight , they 'll guide you toward that spectacular future , and we 'll see how one family navigates it , one invention at a time . This is the story of your future . This is the road to Year Million . Human beings are the cooperative species . I mean , that 's what made us so successful . There 's no other species on Earth that can come together in such groups , instantly intuit what everyone else is thinking , and cooperate on large-scale projects . That 's right , folks , communication is our superpower , whether it 's through the spoken or the written word . Ever since that first Homo sapien turned a primal grunt into an actual word , humans have used word-based language to make us the alpha species on this planet . Communication is going exactly where it 's been going since the first primates started talking . Men will say , ' I don 't want to talk about it , ' and women will say , ' Why not ? ' Okay , okay , I had to do it . I 'm sorry . I just had to do it . We forgive you , Chuck , but he does have a point . While word-based language may be humanity 's superpower , when communication breaks down , it is also our kryptonite . Let 's go back to scripture . The Tower of Babel is one of those proto myths in human society suggesting that there was a time when humans all spoke the same language . They decided to get together and do the most incredible thing that they could , which was to build a tower so high that it would reach all the way to heaven . And so they start building this thing and it gets really tall . But then God looks over the edge of heaven and says , uh , wait a minute , this is not what I want to have happen . And so he does something clever , because he is , he is God . And he , he makes it so that none of those people who are building the tower together speak the same language anymore . And so the minute they stop being able to speak the same language , they can 't work together anymore . And so the Tower of Babel falls and , and never is able to be built again . I think it 's such a brilliant explanation of the way that human beings think . If you could just , could talk to somebody and make sure that you were understood in a clear way , I think we 'd be able to work together in a really beautiful way . I think that 'd be incredible . You know where this is headed , right ? We 're about to see this explosion in the way we communicate , and that it 's these next 20 or 30 years that we are really plugging the brain into the Internet . We 're headed to a future of pure , seamless , unadulterated communication that will enable levels of cooperation and intelligence that will make the Tower of Babel look like a Lego set . And the communication revolution has already begun . Billions are spent every year on communication apps . Twitter , emojis , Google Translate are all breaking down language barriers . But these are just the first baby steps in the evolution of communication . Flash forward a few thousand years and traditional word-based language will be ancient history . We 'll be communicating effortlessly and at the speed of light , and that will seismically transform the very nature of our existence . This is how we 'll do it . First stage , telepathy . Using tiny nanochips implanted in our brains connected to an ultra-high-speed Internet , we will finally realize the dream of actual brain-to-brain communication . Opening our brains to one another will be a transformational moment in human communication , as well as the end of privacy as we know it . But when we go there we will be ready for the next step , swarm intelligence . Combining our high-speed connectivity with our brain-to-brain communication , we 'll combine our diverse outlooks to exponentially boost our intelligence and work together in swarms to solve problems in groups that we never could alone . We 'll need it when we come face to face with alien intelligence . Figuring out how to communicate will require all of our ingenuity and will only be possible because of our communication revolution . And when we 've mastered swarm intelligence and become super-intelligent beings , the final step in human communication will be when we merge our minds into a single consciousness . Like that super-trippy concert we just witnessed . We 'll evolve beyond individuality and shed our very sense of self . And when we 've united humanity into an enormous super intelligence , eliminating the barriers between us , then we can finally build on our limitless imagination , and everything will be possible . So , what will be our Tower of Babel look like in the future ? Stay with us and find out . But first let 's roll back the clock to witness the first stage , when we humans are just beginning to embrace telepathy . This is what your future dinner party might look and sound like . Oops , I forgot . Since our brains really do think faster than we speak , let me slow it down so you can hear . Our brains work faster than our mouths . Mm , it 's good , it 's really good . Jess , your mom 's a lightweight . How bizarre will it be when our mouths are used solely for eating and breathing ? In the future , a dinner party will take place in total silence . Because words as we know them will disappear . Tiny chips in our brains will enable us to communicate telepathically via the Internet . So , Johnny , did you hear about the tsunami in Morocco ? The family that I saw today were really interesting . The project on Europa , it 's amazing . Some people , like Oscar here , will resist the tech implants , because it also comes with a risk for hacking , but we 'll get into that later . So , how was your day ? You still haven 't upgraded to telepathy ? So how do we get to that telepathic dinner party in the future from where we are today ? The key will be to find a common language that can connect all of humanity . I wonder where we 'd find something like that . I will say this , and I say it without compunction and with a great deal of confidence ... The Internet is our universal language . It 's already there . And you would think that we would now have this incredible exchange of ideas and exciting means of transferring information , but instead what do we do ? We send emojis that talk to us in little faces . Why ? ' Cause they 're cute and you can understand them . Call them cute or really irritating , truth is there 's no denying the emoji 's part of a new grammar connecting people all around the world in a way never before seen in history . And it 's just the beginning . We 're going to connect our neocortex to a synthetic neocortex in the cloud . And I 'm thinking that it will be a hybrid of our biological brains , with the non-biological extension in the cloud . When our brains are directly linked to the cloud , then the dream of telepathic communication will finally be realized . It 's actually not so far-fetched , I think , if you think about it . So if you 're able to create nano-implants or nano-sensors to put in the brain of one person , and then put it in the brain of another person . That 's a way to communicate in a way that we have never really thought about in society so far . There are experiments now where we have brain-computer interfaces , which really does suggest that something like telepathy could exist . Oh , that 's so dangerous . Oh , man , we 're going to have so many broken relationships . And look at what people tweet . That takes effort . You have to launch an app , you know , open up the compose window , tap out a message , and press send . And people still say things they regret , and lose their jobs over it and get divorced over it . Thinking to communication ? That 's , that 's real sloppy . That 's going to be a hot mess . You know , it 's funny , because here 's how telepathy is awesome ... When you 're the only person who has it . When that 's like your superpower and you 're going around reading everybody 's mind , but nobody can read yours . That 's when telepathy is great . That 's probably not going to be how it works . Telepathy will be accessible to everyone . But telepathy will definitely require some adjustments , and there will be growing pains . It won 't be all sitting around the campfire singing Kumbaya . Lord help us , what if something like a Twitter mob existed for the mind ? Um , no , I can 't think of anything more horrific . But if we could control it , if it was really just another way of connecting , like AOL , but you know , instead of ' You 've got mail , ' it 's , you know , 'You 've got thoughts . ' On the other hand , it could lead to a more subtle set of interactions , because you would feel the weight not just of your words , but of your thoughts . That will be amazing . Think of it , instantaneous , immersive , empathic communication . Humanity will never be the same again . But it 's not going to be easy . Wireless devices are manufactured to conform to an agreed-upon standard , like Bluetooth or Wi-Fi . But telepathy involves human beings , and we can 't agree on anything . The fundamental problem of brain-to-brain communication is that every brain is unique . When I think about the concept of a mountain , I might envision something like Matterhorn , because I was seeing that as a child . And my neurons firing when I think mountain , might be very different from your neurons that fire . So I need to find a mapping , so when my mountain neurons fire in a particular pattern , we can activate the right ones . That 's a very tough machine learning problem . And it 's not just going to be a tough problem for machines to learn . It 's also going to be a big adjustment for humans as well . Not everyone is going to be an early adopter . There will be those who don 't want their innermost thoughts accessible to others . Or those worried about hacking , like Oscar , the patriarch of our future family who hasn 't yet bought into this newfangled technology . Hey , did Sajani tell you their news ? No , what 's up ? Oscar is old school , but how long can he hold out when everyone around him is communicating telepathically ? Damon wants to marry another woman . What ? Does he want a divorce ? No , no , not at all . What ? Apparently , they met someone they both like and ... What is it ? - Nothing . - Nothing . Okay , that 's it . Dad . At some point he might have to give in , just to join the conversation . Telepathy upgrade , dosage Oscar . So , what 's for dessert ? Telepathy is on its way . When we connect our minds together it will be a singular moment in human history sending human intelligence into overdrive ; a first step on our path back to that Tower of Babel . But it won 't come without a sacrifice . Opening our innermost thoughts to each other will begin to blur the differences between us and will be the beginning of the end to one of our most cherished possessions : our privacy . In the future we 're headed to a world where Internet-enabled telepathy will connect us all brain-to-brain . This is going to catapult humanity forward on our journey to that future Tower of Babel . Just imagine the implications . You know , just with the flick of a thought , start to engage in a conversation with someone miles away , and not even have to talk . That 's going to change a lot of things in terms of the level of engagement that we have with others , and just even the sense of intimacy that we will have with others . Ooh , that 's a risky place to go , I think . Sometimes it might be , benefit both parties if you withhold a little bit of information and give it some time . Even as we 're sitting here talking , you 're thinking other things about me , right . You 're lost in the little bald spot . Would you want to share that ? Bald spot ? What bald spot ? I totally didn 't even notice . Okay , yes , it 's true , I was thinking about the bald spot . He has a point . There are definitely thoughts I would prefer not to share with the world . But in this newly highly connected world where we 're communicating mind-to-mind , we may not have a choice . In 2010 , we had 1.8 billion people connected . By 2020 , 2025 , that number is expected to grow to all 8 billion humans on the planet . So imagine a time in the near future where every single person on the planet is connected with Internet . And these 8 billion people with a megabit connection now have access at a brand-new level . The Internet will evolve into brain-net . That is , we 'll send emotions , memories , feelings . And that 's going to change everything . So if the signal is coming from within our brain , how do we police what we unconsciously send ? Our deepest thoughts and feelings could be hacked and littered across the Internet . Who will have access to these extremely personal and private parts of ourselves ? How does that change how we communicate ? Privacy is at the heart of many treasured parts of the human experience , like love and like family . It is sort of a basic right of humans . The worry , of course , about the sort of erosion of privacy is that it changes , you know , sort of the nature of who we are as humans , and the nature of our relationship with others in ways that are not positive . We become afraid to think certain thoughts , because we know that we 're constantly being watched . You 're worried about the government monitoring your search history . Well , in the future it won 't just be your search history , it will be your entire history . And that raises a serious question . Are we going to have privacy in the future ? No . It 's just going to be a different conversation . We 've been sold convenience and efficiency as a tradeoff for letting essentially surveillance , at scale , into our lives . So we get free information online , by giving up our information online . And if every choice you make is mediated by an algorithm , from what you eat , to who you love , to where you go to lunch , then that 's kind of a destruction of self and a destruction of independence and free will that gets very philosophical at that point . In the sort of most dystopian version of this , you 're being surveyed all the time . When you put that picture on Facebook , it becomes a part of a body of data attached to that specific person and to the people around them . And that 's just what 's going on today . You begin to feel very watched when you know how powerful computer vision is , in terms of extracting knowledge and building a narrative . In the future , when we communicate telepathically , technology might stop tracking key words or faces , and start tracking your thoughts and your feelings . That 's pretty terrifying . It 's a question of freedom , and it 's a question of rights . We risk becoming a kind of surveillance state in the future . Some say we already are . And as we spend more and more of our time online , watching and learning on the Internet , the Internet is also watching and learning us . It 's a two-way street . And that could be a frightening proposition . ¶ ¶ For a number of years in studio , we 've been developing tools to work with machine vision . Trevor Paglen is an artist in San Francisco . And he created this performance piece with the famed Kronos Quartet . It looks like a normal concert , right ? Except it 's anything but . These musicians are being watched , and not just by the audience . Cameras project the performers on the screen , and using algorithms , interpret what they 're seeing . You start to see a very sharp contrast between how you , as a human audience , are perceiving the performance , and how these machinic forms of seeing are perceiving the performance . As you can tell , it 's not always completely accurate . But using facial recognition software , Trevor is using this performance to demonstrate how computers watch and record us . And just how easy would it be for computers to build a digital profile of us based on algorithms that may or may not have our best interests in mind . My concern is that this very intimate quantification of everyday life adds up to an extremely conformist society . It 's very easy to imagine a future in which you put a picture of you drinking a beer on Facebook , that automatically translating into an increase in your car insurance . That 's bad , but it could get much worse . Let 's say a crime is committed , and the CIA or the FBI wants to have access to everyone who has an inclination to do something like the crime that was just committed . It scans a database of everybody , and then just prints out the names . And you could be totally innocent and your name could be picked out . You might be thinking of Edward Snowden right now . You can see how , unchecked , this kind of access and power is wide open for abuse . How do we make sure that this kind of technology isn 't being used to categorize people unfairly ? It leads right into issues around racial profiling , it leads into issues around other kinds of profiling as well . And what about identity theft ? Sure , it 's a problem today , but when the Internet is a part of your brain , hackers might just not be able to steal your data , they might also be able to hack your mind ! As anyone who 's sat in a plane and worried about the hundreds of thousands of lines of code that keep them floating in the air , you know , similarly , the exploitability of our digital lives is something that , you know , it 's sort of like an ever-pressing concern in the back of my mind . These are serious issues with major repercussions that our newly connected society is going to have to grapple with , because the Internet isn 't going anywhere . In the history of the human race , we have never stopped the development of a technology . No matter how dangerous it is , we have never been able to stop it . The trend of human history is greater and greater connection . There 's no turning back . We have opened the Pandora 's box . I see us going , over the next 30 , 40 years at the outmost , from individuals , me and you , to a meta-intelligence , where 8 billion people are plugged in , through the cloud , knowing each other 's thoughts and feelings , and becoming conscious at a brand-new level . Our current notion of privacy will be ancient history . But that is a sacrifice we 'll have to make , because we will gain so much more in our new open society . One could imagine a world where thoughts are flowing freely between different minds , but different minds are solving problems or looking at things from a different perspective . When we master telepathy and redefine privacy , we 'll be on our way to that shining tower of the future . What comes next ? A revolutionary form of communication that will unlock the collective power of our supercharged brains . Nothing can stop us when we launch human cooperation into overdrive with swarm intelligence . They say two heads are better than one . Well , in the future we 're not going to settle for just two , try 200 , 2,000 , 2 million ! Powered by high-speed Internet connected directly to our brain , we 'll all be communicating telepathically and working together at the speed of light . And that 's going to blow the walls off what humanity is capable of . And whom does the hyper-connected , telepathic society of Year Million have to thank for their superpower ? That 's right , bees . Welcome to swarm intelligence . Bees go out , and every year they have to find a new home . And so what they do is they form a swarm . And that swarm will negotiate and find the best possible site among all the options . And what 's amazing is that an individual bee can 't conceive of the problem of finding the best possible site . But when they work together as a swarm , they converge on that best answer . You might know a ton about Chinese geography , which I don 't know anything about . And I might know a ton about krill , and you might not know anything about that . I actually do know a lot about krill . And then together , we 're really good at Jeopardy , or whatever it is , you know . And that 's kind of the idea , right ? Connectivity breeds connection . I think that there 's something real powerful , if thought becomes communication . 'Cause ultimately , it 's about collecting input from diverse groups . For animals , the key to swarm intelligence is rapid communication within the group . One of the things that 's held back humans from tapping the full potential of swarm intelligence is our traditional word-based language . Powerful as it is , it 's just too slow . Right now , we communicate at something like 40 to 60 bits per second via voice . But our brains can process information much faster . If we 're trying to solve problems , and we work together as a system , we should find solutions to problems that over time , as technology becomes more seamless , they 'll just think , and they 'll think together as a system , they 'll think together as a swarm , and they 'll converge on answers that optimizes the satisfaction of the whole population . Once we figure out the science of deliberately swarming people , we 're going to unleash a tremendous form of collective intelligence . Swarm intelligence could well be the only way in the far future that we can compete with artificial intelligence . When we combine our collective brain power together , it will be like millions of incredibly powerful computers uniting to solve the world 's most pressing problems . Like how to house refugees whose homes have been destroyed by war or the effects of an increasingly warming planet . This is what swarm intelligence may look like in the future . Jess is telepathically swarming with other people around the world trying to come up with a solution to a refugee crisis . But where are my manners ? Let me slow this down again so your minds can process it . Really , this conversation happened in the blink of an eye . Another tsunami in less than a month . Not to mention the hurricanes in North America . And the drought in Central Asia . Climate change is wreaking havoc in our cities . Millions of people have been displaced . We have to do something to help them . Can we stabilize the climate ? Eventually , yes , but in the meantime ? These people need homes . What can we do ? We redesign major cities . Relocate to other planets . Too much time . There has to be an inexpensive and quick solution . Working together as a swarm , they 're able to come up with a creative and fast solution to save the planet . We need mobility . Mobile . Inexpensive . Clean energy . That 's it ! This is the future of communication and cooperation . We 've got the potential to harness a tremendously democratizing force . A planet-wide e-democracy . Which would be awesome , if we can manage to do it in a way that 's safe . Swarms of doctors could find cures for diseases faster than they could alone . Swarms of engineers could invent machines and build structures no individual can imagine . The bigger and more connected the swarm , the more powerful it could be . But like anything powerful , there is a dark side to the swarm . As we all know , big groups of people sometimes get together and , you know , do really dumb things . The Internet is already full of hackers and trolls . Now imagine a global swarm of snooping hackers , connected directly to your brain . As with everything , there is the technology and then the way that we use technology . Technology acts as a power amplifier , right ? And so it is neither sort of inherently good nor bad . It 's simply a tool that amplifies the desires of the individual or the institution . Part of our obligations as humans is to inject ourselves in the process . We have to learn from the mistakes we 've made with past technologies and with past human interaction . Swarm intelligence is powerful , and we 'll have to make sure that we use our massive new intelligence to unite humanity , not to oppress others . But the true test of our elevated ability to cooperate will come when we encounter something other than ourselves . That 's right . Aliens . Let 's say one day we 're scanning the heavens , and we pick up a regular message . Not random noise , but a regular message . Something like that , right ? That , of course , is going to be earthshaking . It certainly will be . How will we communicate with them ? Understanding what extraterrestrials are doing in the skies above us will be a major test of our newfound communication skills . It may be the difference between survival and extinction . ¶ ¶ As we trip the light fantastic down the path to Year Million , toward a time when we can build our very own tower to the heavens , communication will be completely redefined . But let 's be clear when we talk about the Year Million . We 're not really talking about a specific year . It 's our way of saying a future so different , so transformative , that it 's just a glimmer on the horizon of our imagination . And only the boldest thinkers are able to see where we 're headed . We just might make some astounding discoveries along the way . I 'm going to stick my neck out and say that we will probably make contact with an extraterrestrial civilization . That 's going to be one of the greatest turning points in human history . Every single historical account of the evolution of our species will have to take into account the fact that we have finally made contact with another intelligent life-form . And when that day finally arrives , the question is , what then ? You want to make sure that , like , they don 't want to kill you . Very quickly , as quickly as you can , you want to make sure that they are not trying to kill and eat you , right . Yes , that would be tops on the list , I would imagine . Assuming we get past that , what next ? It could be the greatest moment in human history , or not . After all , first contact could be ' Arrival' or ' Independence Day . ' I loved ' Arrival . ' It 's about feelings and communication . 'Arrival ' is a great example of that being patient and trying to actually communicate , and trying to think about things scientifically and not rush into anything . When we are looking at these species or whatever , aliens that come , is a better method than just trying to blow them up . I like the idea of aliens being like prettier than what we 've thought of them . You know , we 've kind of made them ugly over the last several decades . There 's no need for that . They can actually be quite gorgeous , you know what I mean ? That 's a good point , Negin , but whatever they look like , let 's just assume for the sake of argument that first contact with extraterrestrials goes more in the direction of ' Arrival . ' Then our greatest challenge , what all of our super-charged intelligence will need to figure out , is how to communicate with them . But it 's not going to be easy . Without an Alien Dictionary , where do we even begin ? There are three features that we think intelligent alien life will have . First of all is vision , some kind of stereovision , the vision of a hunter . Second is a thumb , a grappling instrument , a tentacle of some sort . And third , a language by which you can hand down information from generation to generation . But they 're not going to communicate using American English , and they 're not going to have subject , verb , predicate , the way we construct sentences . I hope , I can only hope that they all look something like Selma Hayek . That would be really good . We 're talking about communication here , Chuck , let 's stick to the subject . What are the linguistics of this ? What does this actually look like ? How do we figure out , when they 're painting these weird circles , and we 're using these weird lines and sticks , how do we figure out how to communicate with them ? How we figure out the aliens ' language will make or break us , and scientists are already working on it . How , you might ask ? Well , by taking a page from Dr. Doolittle 's book and starting right here with the animals on Earth . Dolphins to be specific . At the National Aquarium in Maryland , Dr. Diana Reiss and her team are studying dolphins and how one day we might be able to not just understand them , but communicate with them . I got really interested in working with dolphins particularly , because they were so different from us . These animals are truly non-terrestrials in every sense of the word . We 're trying to understand how we could communicate to a completely different species that is as close to an alien as you can get , for a human . 95 million years ago dolphins and primates parted ways on the evolutionary chain . But like us , dolphins have big brains and a sophisticated social intelligence . So , as far as working with any other animals on the planet , there is none better suited to being a test case for learning to speak to aliens than dolphins . What we did was we created an underwater keyboard . It 's like a big iPhone . And if you touch it , something happens . I want to give us this interface , a window where we can exchange things . It really opens the door to understanding their vocalizations . Of course ! An interspecies iPhone . Dr. Reiss and her team are hopeful that this technology will be a platform in which humans and dolphins can one day learn to understand one another . Wouldn 't it be amazing when they hit a key , it translates to English ? You can hear that and you can respond . Amazingly , their efforts are already being rewarded . The dolphin have already figured out that if they touch the screen with their beaks , they get a reaction . What are dolphins going to be talking about ? Yeah , water 's kind of warm today , huh ? Yep . I hope that that 's basically what they 're saying . These fish are great . I love to swim . Let 's jump . Or maybe they 're discussing dolphin politics and dolphin philosophy . We just don 't know , but one day we might . In a way , the touchscreen is a true window in itself , into the minds of these animals . I think technology can make what 's invisible to us perhaps more visible ; what 's inaudible to us more audible . If we were to succeed , we would succeed in actually not being alone in the universe anymore , which is a pretty sweet thought . And that 's why the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence , or SETI Institute , has been tracking her work with dolphins . The challenges she faces are the same ones they anticipate they 'll face when aliens show up . We 'll need a plan . And this technology just may be the answer . The technology that we 're developing in these projects will enable us to see better , to hear better , to understand better , and to empathize more and care more , once we have that knowledge . You know , with knowledge comes great responsibility . It certainly does . I couldn 't have said it better myself . There is a potential for a shared connection and a shared mindset . With an interspecies Internet , we 're sort of headed in this kind of universal one-language scenario . So if you 've ever wanted to talk to a walrus , in the future , you could do that . That could be pretty magical . Pretty magical indeed . In the future , we may not agree with dolphins or aliens , or even walruses on anything . But as long as we 're communicating , there is always an opportunity for greater understanding , greater empathy , and greater connection . And as we travel deeper and deeper into the future , we 'll need to master communication with all sentient beings if we ever hope to build our own Tower of Babel in the future . But we 're not there yet . We 're going to connect on a whole other level . If you thought losing your privacy was a big deal , the final step is going to be a big pill to swallow . You 're starting to lose the individual , and you 're starting to now gain in this kind of massive collectivity , this , this entity that kind of maybe even thinks and has impulses and tendencies toward certain direction . The sum of its intelligence would hopefully be greater than the sum of its parts . That 's going to change politics , right ? That 's going to change relationships . Could you merge minds ? Oh , yes , we can , and we will . In the Year Million era we 'll take the final plunge and shed our ego , our sense of self , our individuality , and join together in a single consciousness . It 's a high-bandwidth blending of our mind that creates its own super intelligence , a consciousness of which each person is just one small part . Say hello to your future in the hive mind . We 're almost at the end of our journey to Year Million and that future version of a Tower of Babel to the heavens . And the final step in our communication evolution is a doozy . Yep , you got it . In the Year Million we 're not just communicating telepathically mind-to-mind , using our hyper-connectivity to swarm together and increase our intelligence a thousand-fold . The final step will be when we finally shed our sense of self and individuality and merge our minds together into a single consciousness . As we become progressively interconnected with each other , lines that separate one brain from another brain will become increasingly blurred . And if you can imagine , you know , hundreds or if not even thousands of individuals , interlinked in this way , you 're going to have what 's referred to as the hive mind . Whoa , the hive mind . It sounds scary , and it just might be , and we 'll get to that in a minute . But it could also be incredibly empowering . Basically like what we do when we create a computer cluster , putting all the computers together and having them work together allows them to do bigger and tougher problems . You might say to yourself that sounds a lot like the swarm intelligence we talked about , but they are very different . Swarm intelligence is decentralized . We will still have our own identity , a sense of self . Hive mind is a paradigm shift . We will let go of our egos and come together to create a centralized consciousness . When you connect to the hive mind , you will share everything . It could be a really great experience at a concert , where like all of us are feeling the same thing as we listen to an awesome guitar solo . Exactly , like a concert . Speaking of which , remember that concert we saw earlier ? Our future family has become part of the hive mind , and is experiencing a concert through a single consciousness . If all those minds are in some computer digital environment that allows them to interface in a more profound way than the biological means that we have at our disposal now , I can 't help but think that that would be a greater level of collective communication . It would be . And that 's why they can be any part of this little concert they desire . Plugged in like they are , their minds will create a larger intelligence , a larger consciousness . Our whole idea of what it means to be human will change drastically , because when we let go of the ego , the self-preservation , the competition involved with having a sense of self and come together as one , well , then everything is possible . There is something very powerful of all minds working together . Maybe we 'll find , in this domain , that the notion of decision is not where we find our individual footprint . Maybe our individual footprint comes with an outlook or a perspective that we hold dear , and only we as individuals are aware of it , or know it . Maybe that will be enough , perhaps . I definitely think it will radically impact what we think of as a self . Take a moment , breathe . I know , it 's a big idea to wrap your head around . Everything we think makes us human is tied to our sense of self . Hive mind won 't come without sacrifice . It will take a complete redefinition of what it means to be human . The question is , will it be worth it ? What feels dangerous about the hive mind is that we 'll all , like , just know the same things and then we won 't have anything to talk about . It 'll be so sad , because like the whole point of life is to just like hang out with your friends . It 's like , talk some smack , you know what I mean , and if you all already know the thing , you know , there 's no smack to talk , and that would be very frustrating . Frustrating indeed . What 's life without some good old-fashioned trash talk ? Well , we just might find out . But what about our autonomy ? When we mingle our minds , what happens ? Are we still you and me ? Or do we become the same thing ? Any technology that we use to mingle our minds could have good or bad effects . So you want to be able to step back and be a little bit skeptical of any kind of groupthink . There is the worry that this connected hive mind can be used in sinister ways , depending on who 's in charge of it . That 's right , when you 're part of the hive mind , your mind , at least in the traditional sense , might not be yours alone . You 're like a worker bee in a gigantic hive . You have no individuality whatsoever . You know , if you think about the Borg from Star Trek , the Borg is the hive mind . The Borg are a collective , so they think as a whole and not as an individual . And in many ways individuality is what makes us feel human . To have that stripped away and become part of a hive collective is one of the more terrifying things you could do . It 's like joining a cult . The perfect way to get a zombie army would be string all their brains together , hook them up to somebody who really knows what they 're doing , and just blasts their brains with like whatever information they want to give them . You know , now you must do this labor in order to exalt the great one . That doesn 't sound good at all . What if I want out ? Is there some sort of hive mind eject button ? One would hope , for example , that you could perhaps pull out of the hive mind , that you could remove yourself from the grid . We struggle with this today , we turn off our phones or go into airplane mode , and we feel like we 're naked somehow , or that somehow we 're disconnected from the world . Imagine how terrifying or disconcerting it would be in the future , if we suddenly , after engaging in a hive mind , we pulled our self out of it . The hive mind sounds like it could be a deeply oppressive place , like North Korea but on steroids . That 's the worst-case scenario . But another possibility is that it is freedom , a world of enlightenment , a world of knowledge and prosperity . When we 're all joined together as one , could we finally eliminate conflict , wars and suffering ? And if you and I are the same , then when I hurt you , I literally hurt myself . That changes war , that changes anger , that changes love . 'Cause when I love you , I love myself . We could evolve into something that we can 't even conceive , into a different type of creature . This super-organism . Might the hive mind even be necessary for our survival ? I mean , we 've come this far alone . But you know the old saying , divided we fall and united we stand . To my mind , the only way that we survive into the far future , is to bring us all together in some manner that leverages the whole collective consciousness in a way that 's more powerful than the individual minds alone . I think that 's exciting . I think it 's weird , though . I imagine it as a vast coral reef . Explosion of new forms , new kinds of minds , new kind of consciousness . I can 't imagine any of the details . Because I think most of them would be beyond my puny human brain . Just like an ant cannot understand a city , we cannot understand Year Million . But we can see something there , beyond the clouds . That is the future we 're barreling toward in Year Million . When we are one with animals , extraterrestrials , and most importantly , each other , then beyond the clouds may be exactly where we find ourselves . That 's right , we 'll be building a new future , our own tower , perhaps in a far-off distant galaxy , a gleaming testament to our brilliant ingenuity and creativity . We 're headed for the stars . And that will be possible because of the coming communication revolution that will take human intelligence into the stratosphere .
