 â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Well , I 'll be danged . [ snaps fingers ] Hey , hey ! C 'mon , pay attention . Look , you 're just a machine , right ? You got no soul . You gotta do what I say . And remember , I know where your off switch is . [ buttons clicking , electronic sounds ] Ma 'am , may I have a word with you ? [ sighs ] Ye- - [ falsetto voice ] Why certainly , officer . Is there a problem ? Yes , there is . [ chuckles ] Abort mission ! [ classic rock music ] â ™ ª â ™ ª Ripped off â ™ ª â ™ ª Stripped off â ™ ª â ™ ª Somebody took the shirt right off my back â ™ ª â ™ ª They took my money â ™ ª â ™ ª They took it all â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm standing in the cold â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Bad luck â ™ ª â ™ ª Tough luck â ™ ª â ™ ª Somebody stacked the deck again â ™ ª â ™ ª A blackjack Ace in the hole â ™ ª â ™ ª I 've been had again â ™ ª â ™ ª Yeah ! â ™ ª â ™ ª [ engine starts ] [ tires screeching ] â ™ ª Ripped off Ripped off â ™ ª â ™ ª I 've been fooled again â ™ ª â ™ ª Ripped off ! I 'll get my revenge ! â ™ ª â ™ ª Mwah ! [ laughs ] Whoo ! Oh ho , Archie , you and me , man . We 're gonna be rich , I tell ya . Ah , we 're a team 'cause I 'm the boss . Remember , I 'm the boss . [ laughs ] Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ! Yeah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! Whoo-hoo-hoo ! Yee-ha-ha ! â ™ ª â ™ ª Ripped off Ripped off â ™ ª â ™ ª I 've been fooled again â ™ ª â ™ ª Ripped off ! I 'll get my revenge ! â ™ ªâ ™ ª [ electronic sounds ] How 's it going ? [ llama growls ] I 've had better days , I 'll tell you that much . You fellas know where I could get something to eat ? [ growls ] Never mind . I 'll figure it out . Good talk . [ upbeat pop music ] â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm feeling down â ™ ª â ™ ª My feet ain 't solid on the ground â ™ ª â ™ ª And if I try to get up again â ™ ª â ™ ª I know I won 't be up for long â ™ ª â ™ ª Yeah â ™ ª â ™ ª Now I can 't rely On anyone or anything â ™ ª â ™ ª Oh when I try to get some sun â ™ ª â ™ ª All I get is rain â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again I 'm down again â ™ ª â ™ ª Looks like I 'm in trouble again â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'm down again â ™ ªâ ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Now , um , Deanewood is not Chicago by any stretch , but we do have some things they don 't . Like Starbucks , for example . We have those in Chicago . Right , but , uh , what I mean is , we don 't . Have one . We do have Jack 's Java , though , and I think you 'll find it 's a far superior brew . Do you have a yoga studio ? No . No , no yoga studio . But the women at the seniors ' centre do Tai Chi every Wednesday at noon . You 're a little young , but I think I can get you in . Thanks , Uncle Paul . Yeah , about that ... I don 't think you need to say the whole uncle part . It kinda makes me feel old . [ hammering ] Aaron . I told you , you don 't need to do this . Of course I do , Mr. Mayor . You 're running for re-election . Running unopposed for the third time in a row . It 's not necessary to go through the trouble . It 's no trouble . I made these on my computer and , besides , you 've got the restaurant to run , too . Can 't have the universe 's best cheeseburger suffer because your focus is split . Very well , then . As you were . Oh , um , I 'm sorry . Aaron , this is Isabel , my niece . Hi . Isabel 's gonna be living in Deanewood now forever . Well not forever necessarily . Just , you know , for the time being . Isabel is studying political science , so you guys have that in common because Aaron here is my communications director . [ chuckles ] And by that , he means that I actually own a computer , unlike him . PAUL : All this hullabaloo about the world wide interweb , it 's just a passing fad . That 's why I leave the tweeting to the birds . I 'm gonna get the bags in . Your uncle 's a cool guy . [ luggage clatters ] I 'm okay . In his own way . Yeah . So , um ... what brings you to town ? Oh , uh ... I-I really don 't want to talk about that , if you don 't mind . Yeah . I understand . It 's all right . But it was nice to meet you . Yeah , you too . PAUL : So we 're just right in here . There 's an IKEA in Brockton , so I went there last weekend and picked up some things . Like a new bed . Yeah , yeah . And some other things . The girl at the store was really helpful . She also told me to get really expensive toilet paper , which I did . Really . Try that stuff . It 's like wiping your bum with a baby rabbit . Not literally . That would be cruel . You know what I mean . It 's , uh , soft . Yeah . I appreciate it . Listen , if it seems like I have no idea what I 'm doing , it 's only because ... I have no idea what I 'm doing . But I want you to feel comfortable here . Your house is perfect . Your house . Our house . I 'd like you to feel at home here . Well , get yourself settled . I 'll make some dinner and maybe we can go to the restaurant tomorrow and see about getting you a summer job . They say that a dog is human 's best friend . Thanks to our partnership with Cyborganix , we have managed to create a cybernetic dog that will not only become human 's best friend , but our military 's best friend as well . Ladies and gentlemen , I present to you the Artificial Robotronic Canine Hyper Intelligence Experiment , or A.R.C.H.I.E. for short , a non-living , intelligent machine that will save human lives . [ polite applause ] Danger , danger , danger , danger , danger . [ explosion ] [ enthusiastic applause ] BROOKE : You can 't be serious . You 're telling me that the experiment that this company has poured millions into , and that just also happens to be my life 's work , has been stolen from under our noses ! And the security cameras coincidentally happen to malfunction . Ha ! How is that even possible ? Ms. Benton , I know you 're behind this little stunt because people like you , you think you 're gonna change the world . This is not some cute little puppy you 're saving from a kennel . This is a multi-million dollar , potentially unstable piece of military hardware . Do you have any idea what could happen if this got into the wrong hands ? ARCHIE : Welcome to Deanewood . I hope they have some good food here . You got any fast food experience . Only as a customer once in a while . Well , it ain 't rocket science . As long as you can count , you 'll be fine . Let me get you a uniform . What colour do you want ? What colours do you have ? Blue . Well , I guess I 'll take that , then . [ bell dings ] Hello again . Oh , hi . He 's putting you to work already , huh ? Yeah . Listen , I 'm really sorry about yesterday . I didn 't mean to be rude . I just- - It 's really no problem . You know , I understand . Thanks . If you ever want to hang out and talk ... or , you know , not talk , you should let me know . Hey , Aaron . Hey , Aaron . Are you lost ? Um , no . Wait . Are you the new girl ? I 'm Isabel . Oh , I heard about you . My mom said that your parents died and now you have to live with your uncle . So I guess you 're like an orphan . Uh , yeah , yeah , I guess so . That 's so super sad . Maybe we can all hang out later . We 'll show you around . Our town 's a real trip . Yeah , yeah . We 'll totally show you around . It 's a total trip . Yeah . Yeah , okay . That sounds like fun . Welcome aboard . Yeah , about that . I don 't know how great a server I 'm cut out to be , carrying trays and all . Balance and coordination aren 't exactly my strong suit . Tell me about it . I 'm as clumsy as a donkey . It 's ' cause I got fat feet . Flat feet . It 's also the reason I could never join the circus . But I 'm sorry , serving is a requirement for all wait staff . Well , isn 't there any other job I could do ? You could always take a shift as mascot . [ slurping ] Change in the back . [ whimpers ] The Princess of Darkness is here to see you . [ sighs ] Not again . [ bell dings ] Four chili dogs for table six . Two double cheeseburgers for table nine . Two chocolate shakes for table two . [ sniffs ] And a large onions rings for table three . Best way to learn how to swim is to jump in at the deep end . It 's also a great way to drown . As you are aware , Mogulburger has- - 297 locations across the country . Yes . And your location would make a welcome addition to our family of franchises . Veronica , for the kazillionth time , I 'm not selling . What is this really about ? Is it because I never asked you to prom ? [ scoffs ] Prom ! Don 't be silly . I haven 't thought about that in years . This is a prime location and we are willing to pay handsomely for it . I don 't need to join the Mogulburger family of franchises . As you can see , we 're doing very well here on our own . [ gasps ] Oh ! [ gasping ] You klutz ! Oh my god , I 'm so sorry ! Did you put her up to this ? No , of course not . It was an accident . We 'll pay for your dry cleaning bill . Oh , you will pay for more than just that . Oh ! I told you . It 's a real trip around here . [ laughing ] It 's gonna be okay . It 's gonna be okay . It 's gonna be- - [ voice breaks , sobs ] I just feel so alone . I know how you feel . But you 're not alone . Hi there . You 're not gonna throw that away , are you ? I 'll eat it if you 're not going to . I 'm starved . Wow , this looks like really high quality food , not like some of that other junk you humans eat . My name is Archie . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but in polite society , when someone introduces themselves to you , it 's customary to return the favour . ARCHIE : You speak English ? Okay , parlez-vous franÃ § ais ? Habla espaÃ ± ol ? Sprechen sie deutsche ? You 're-you 're a talking dog ? I suppose that 's an accurate description , though I have many other qualities as well . You still haven 't told me your name . I-I-Isabel . There we go . Now we 're getting somewhere . Nice to meet you , Isabel . Yeah , yeah , nice- - nice to meet you . I 'm talking to a dog . I must have finally lost my mind . ARCHIE : Hey , wait ! Does that mean it 's cool if I eat your cheeseburger ? [ muttering ] It 's just stress . That 's all . Hallucinations brought on by stress . [ zooming sound ] Hello again . Listen , I think we got off on the wrong paw back there . How did you get here so fast ? I told you I had many different abilities . Clearly . I didn 't mean to freak you out . I 'm new in town and I-I don 't have any friends . Me too . Which one ? You 're new in town or you don 't have any friends ? Both . Oh , cool . We 're a good match then . No , we 're-we 're not . I can 't be seen talking to a dog . Everyone 's gonna think that I am a major- - [ in unison ] Loser ! [ laughing ] Well , that wasn 't very nice . Yeah , tell me about it . Are you done with that ? [ electronic whirring ] Just gotta line this up , factor in the angle , wind speed , and milkshake viscosity , and watch ! [ screaming ] [ laughs ] That was pretty good . I know . Who are you ? Wh-what are you ? ARCHIE : You might want to be sitting down for this . You 're a robot ? No , I 'm not a robot . I 'm a cybernetic organism . I 'm made of both organic and machine parts . Like The Terminator ? Kind of , but much friendlier . I was designed to look exactly like a normal dog , but I am quite extraordinary . What can you do ? Besides the fact that I 'm conversing with you right now ? I can move at lightning speed . Prove it . Go get that Frisbee over there and bring it back here . Wow , awesome . Thanks . So , what else ? I 've got x-ray vision . Hm ... what colour underwear is that guy wearing ? [ electronic whirring ] White . Oh wait , with a little streak of brown . Ew . So where did you come from ? I was created by a biotech company . I was a prototype . One night , a man named Hugh , who was the night janitor at the company , stole me from the laboratory . And , man , did he stink ! It was this noxious mixture of stale corn chips and cheap cologne . Yuck ! He kept me in captivity and he threatened to shut down my mainframe if I didn 't obey . He dragged me across the country , forcing me to commit all kinds of crimes . Then there were the dog shows , all that primping and preening . Don 't make me go back . Please . Do you have any idea what it 's like not to have a place to call home ? Let 's go . I 've got an idea . Hm , knight takes rook takes queen . Checkmate . PAUL : Where 'd you find him ? I found him scrounging around the dumpster behind the restaurant . He must belong to somebody . Didn 't he have a collar on ? No . I don 't know , Isabel . I 'm really allergic to dogs . Although this little fella hasn 't made me sneeze once . Can we keep him ? I promise I will take good care of him . Ah , okay , fine . But tomorrow take him to the veterinarian , Mr. Neebs . He 's probably got fleas . Fleas ? As if . And make sure he doesn 't poo on the lawn . See ya later . I 'm sorry . Poo ? Do you actually ... do that ? Kind of a personal question . Yes , I do , but it comes out as golden nuggets . Really ? No , I 'm kidding . It 's just regular old poo . I forgot my keys . Who were you talking to ? Who , me ? I-I-I was just talking to Archie , here . [ panting ] Aw . Did he talk back ? Can you talk back , buddy ? Huh ? You 're not the brightest pup in the litter , are you ? Oh , with the election coming up , I was wondering if maybe you 'd like to be my campaign manager ? Yeah , yeah , sure , I 'd love to . But what do I need to do ? Not much really . Nobody ever runs against me . Well , at least I could write your campaign speech for you . You know how they say there are people who fear public speaking more than death ? I 'm one of those people . But we 're gonna have a campaign party at the restaurant . You can help plan that , if you like . Did you ... finish the puzzle ? Uh , yeah . It really gives your brain a workout . [ sighs ] ARCHIE : Can 't believe I agreed to wear a leash . I had a perfect score on the Mensa intelligence test , ya know . Hi . What 's cookin ' , good lookin ' ? [ romantic accordion music ] â ™ ª Well , it seems like we keep running into each other . Yeah , it 's a small town . You can 't really escape anybody , so get used to it . I 'm sorry about the Lindsays yesterday . The Lindsays ? Yeah , they can be pretty awful sometimes . Oh . Well , it wasn 't your fault . Still , it wasn 't cool and I should have done something about it . I can handle it . I didn 't know you had a dog . Neither did I. I-I just found him . Your dog is beautiful . Thanks . Her name 's Sally . Forswear it , sight ! For I ne 'er saw true beauty till this night . Yeah , I brought her in because she hasn 't been herself lately . I 'm sure the vet will help you figure out what 's wrong with her . [ snorts ] Yeah . Clearly you haven 't met our local veterinarian . Hm . I 've just experienced love at first sight . Oh , man , it 's glorious ! Shhh ! Can 't you be happy for me and my girlfriend ? [ scoffs ] Your girlfriend ? Future girlfriend . [ door opens ] Well , all right . Let 's have a look at this little fella . [ chuckles ] Mh-hm . Seems quite healthy . Oh , just gotta check one more thing . Why is he putting on a rubber glove ? [ coughs ] What 's that , dear ? Uh , I was just saying that you seem to treat your patients with utter love . Oh ! Yes . Well , that 's why I became a veterinarian . [ snapping ] [ nervous chuckle ] Ough ! [ electronic zapping ] [ high-pitched voice ] I think that 'll be all for today . I can 't believe you did that to the poor man . Poor man ? What about me ? I 'm the real victim here . Archie ! Hey , c 'mon . Can I walk you home ? Sure . ISABEL : Why do you have a service dog ? AARON : Sally 's not technically my dog . She belongs to my dad . He lost his eyesight a few years ago , so Sally 's his guide dog . Oh . That 's sad . Yeah . It 's really sad to hear what happened to your parents . [ inhales ] Sometimes I ... still don 't really believe it actually happened . It was all so sudden . And thanks for not saying you 're sorry . It 's what everyone said to me after . " We 're so sorry . " Like it was their fault . But ... the truth is it wasn 't anyone 's fault . It just happened . Come on . Oh ! That Sally is such a spectacular dog . I am smitten . Archie , you need to act like a normal dog . We had way too many close calls today . Why are you such a negative Nellie ? Okay , you know what ? Fine ! Do what you like ! Just don 't blame me when you get taken away . I 'm sorry . I haven 't exactly been on my best behaviour . It 's okay . Why have you been so good to me ? I mean , you convinced your uncle to take me in and all . You 're my best friend . I am ? Well , you 're my only friend , which sort of makes you my best friend by default . Best friends help each other out . Yeah , you 're right . But you should know that I don 't think I have a soul . You don 't ? Why not ? Well because I 'm just a machine . Machines can 't have souls . Can they ? I really don 't know . But regardless , soul or no soul , you 're still my best friend . And you 're mine . What do ya think ? Pretty impressive , huh ? Don 't worry . It 's not real . I made it myself . This mascot gig is only my day job . My true calling in life is to open up my very own joke and novelty shop . I make all my own products : fake poo , rubber vomit . My specialty is farting powder . I perfected the most potent recipe . Mm , you must be so proud . This is some of my best work . I can do this . I can do this . Oh-ho-ho-ho ! Oof ! Hi . No problem . Thanks . Sorry . I 'm still kind of a liability with these things . I 'm sure you 're doing just fine . Um , there 's a movie playing in the park tonight , uh . Do you want to go ? Yeah . Yeah , I 'd love to . Cool . Well , um , I 'll wait outside and we can go together . Yeah , yeah . Sounds good . Cool . Cool . The dishwasher called in sick today . You drew the short straw . But I didn 't-I didn 't draw a straw . Believe me , honey , you did . The short one . I 'm never gonna get out of here . I hear we have a movie to get to . [ zooming sounds ] [ laughs ] [ projector running , monster sounds ] ARCHIE : Double date at the movies . Doesn 't get more romantic than this . Am I right ? I think we 're being watched . Yeah , they can be a bit possessive . Well ... at least they 're both pretty . They 're not my type . I can 't believe she 's on a date with him . I know ! It 's completely unbelievable . [ yawns loudly ] Okay , sorry . I don 't know why I did that . [ laughs ] What ? It 's just the whole arm-stretch thing is just super dorky . It 's okay . I don 't mind . Un-freaking-believable ! Oh ! That 's it ! So , you 're a guide dog , huh ? That 's , uh , that 's cool . I have a lot of talents myself , you may have noticed . Or not . [ audience groans ] Uh-oh , looks like I need to step in here and save the day . Again . Will you excuse me , Sally ? Tough crowd . Space Milkshake . Okay , I can find this . [ electronic whirring ] Here we go . And looking , searching , and got it ! [ whirring ] [ applause and cheers ] [ sighs ] My kingdom for a WiFi signal . ARCHIE : I can get you online . You can ? Sure . [ connection sound ] Yes ! Civilization ! The password is Archie is awesome . I 'm kidding . There is no password . Hey , honey , we 're just leaving for the school now , but we wanted to tell you how proud of you we are . Look , your father 's even wearing a tie . Of course I 'm wearing a tie . My daughter just won the presidency . I want to look good for the inaugural ball . We love you so much , Izzy . See you soon . [ sniffling ] You okay ? It 's just hard sometimes . All the time . I had just won the student council election at my school . I was only in grade 10 , but ... my parents were always helping me and supporting me . That 's what they were like . [ chuckles ] They used to put these handwritten , inspirational messages in my backpack or in my lunch . " If you can dream it , you can do it . " They were such dorks . [ sighs ] It 's ... crazy to think how quickly life can change . [ voice breaking ] I guess I really am an orphan now . Me too . I never really had a family ... until now . [ gulls calling ] I 've gotta go to work . I 'm gonna be busy all day . Paul 's campaign party is tonight . You gonna be able to behave yourself ? Hey-hey , it 's Archie you 're talking to . Sally , Sally , Sally , Sally , Sally , Sally , Sally ... Hello , Sally ! This is our signature dish . Secret recipe that goes back generations . Chili . The holy grail of chili . Now , with the rest of the staff busy preparing for the party this evening , you have been assigned the most important job of all : the guardian of the chili . I accept . First rule of chili : don 't take your eyes off the chili . Second rule of chili , don 't ... take your eyes ... off the chili . â ™ ª Bum bum bum bum , ba-ba bum bum â ™ ª â ™ ª bum bum bum bum ba-ba bum bum â ™ ª â ™ ª bum bum bum bum bu - â ™ ª What the- - ? [ indiscernible chatter ] [ phones ringing ] Mm-hm . Mm-hm . Okay . [ hangs up ] Oh hello , Paul . Fancy seeing you here in enemy territory . Veronica , what are you doing ? What does it look like , silly ? I 'm running for mayor . [ laughs ] But you don 't even live here . Oh , I do now . I bought a house this morning . Since when did you ever have any interest in running for mayor of Deanewood ? I 've always wanted to give back to the community , and I figured what better way than at the municipal level in my hometown . [ scoffs ] Veronica , you 're kidding yourself if you think the people of Deanewood are gonna side with you over me . [ sighs ] We 'll just see about that . [ keyboard clicking ] [ flutters lips ] Hey , check out what I found online . Coolest thing I 've ever seen in my life ! I should hire this dog to work at my novelty store . I wonder who his agent is . [ chili bubbling ] Ooh oh ! Get me a WiFi signal . I can 't . The Internet is down . Everywhere . On earth . Get me a WiFi signal . Okay . Archie , I told you not to show off . I-I told you to act like a normal dog . I 'm sorry , but I was doing it to try impress Sally . She 's got no time for me . It 's driving me crazy ! Look , if we don 't get these taken down , they 're gonna go viral . Well , let 's hope so . Sorry , you 're right . Let 's get them taken down . How do we do that ? Hi . I need your help . Sure , what 's up ? There 's something you should know about Archie . He 's not a normal dog . I know . I saw him in the park . That was pretty impressive . I didn 't know he could do all those tricks . That 's not all he can do . Really , like what ? Well , I can talk . Ha . Yeah , that 's cool . D-d-did you just- - Did he just- - Yes . Okay , here 's the highlight reel . I 'm a robot . People are looking for me and we 're wondering if you know how to get some pictures of me down from the Internet ? Uh , um , uh yeah . Yeah , I think I can . Great . We 'll explain the rest later . But-but I- - Shh . I know it 's a lot . [ chili bubbling ] Hi . Hi . Can I , uh , help you ? Yeah , yeah . I 'm kinda hungry . It 's a long drive . Um , what 's good here ? Uh , oh , well , everything . Oh , okay . Um ... I don 't really eat a lot of fast food , so . Well , we don 't really serve fast food . I mean it 's fast and it 's food , obviously , but it 's not fast food per se . I like to call it " slow food , made fast . " [ chuckles ] That 's impressive . I guess you 're the owner ? Yeah , yeah . My name 's Paul . I 'm Brooke . Nice to meet you . Nice to meet you . So what brings you to town ? You just passing through ? No , um , actually , it 's gonna sounds strange . I 'm looking for a dog . He 's my dog . I 'm looking for my dog . I lost him . Um , I think he might have ended up here . Here ? How would that have happened ? Yeah . I guess you could say he was being shipped across the country and he got loose and might be in this area . You haven 't seen a strange dog wandering around here , As a matter of fact , I have . have you ? My niece found a stray dog . We 've just taken him in . Hey . [ breathing hard ] You okay ? Yeah , I 'm just stirring the chili . It 's quite a workout . Ah . Oh , uh , this is Brooke and she lost her dog . Yeah . Is this him ? No , definitely not . I don 't know . It kinda looks like him . N-no , not at all . I-I 'd like to see him , just to be sure . Well , you can 't . I mean , you could if I still had him , but I don 't anymore . He ran away . You didn 't tell me Archie ran away . Archie ? Well , I 'm sure he 'll show up again soon . And we 're having a function at the restaurant tonight . Maybe you want to come by . Okay , sure , yeah ! Okay . Yeah . [ footsteps on gravel ] Heh heh heh heh ! I 'm gonna get that robot . [ llama growls ] What are you looking at ? Is that my wig ? [ llama growls ] Looks pretty good on ya . [ indiscernible crowd chatter ] How you doing ? Good to see you . Hey , guys . Your chili burger alone is worth my vote , Paul . I wish you 'd give me the recipe ! Sorry , Madge , it 's an ancient Sullivan family secret . Excuse me . Mm . Hi . Hi . Welcome back . Thanks . I 'm just wondering if my dog has shown up yet ? Uh , no , no , I haven 't seen him . But-but you should stick around . You know , in case he does show up again . Would you like a chili burger ? Sure ! Yeah . Yeah . Uh , one second . Hi , I 'm Paul . I don 't believe we 've met . Health inspector . I 'd like to take a look around . Uh , sure . Can I ask what this is about ? Routine check . Routine check at 8pm on a Saturday ? There are over 70 trillion types of bacteria and they don 't just work 9 to 5 , therefore neither do I. Now , can you direct me to the kitchen . Uh , yeah , sure . It 's this way . Excuse me . Archie ! Hello . Mr. Sullivan , I couldn 't find one single health code violation in this entire establishment . Believe me , I tried . Well , we run an airtight ship around here . [ loud fart ] Oh my . [ loud fart ] [ multiple farts exploding ] [ Beethoven 's " Ode to Joy " playing in time to farting ] â ™ ª [ farting throughout ] â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª [ music stops ] [ farting continues ] [ sighs ] [ Archie farts ] You didn 't happen to have a chili burger , did you ? No , I ate a trumpet for dinner . You took your eye off the chili , didn 't you ? [ farts ] Excuse me . [ sighs ] You okay ? This is terrible . The health inspector 's gonna put us under investigation . Fartgate . It could cost me the restaurant and the election . [ sighs ] Remember I told you you didn 't have to write me a campaign speech ? Scratch that . I need you to write me the best campaign speech in the history of campaign speeches . I feel so bad for letting Paul down like this . Hey . Oh man . It 's my poster . The Lindsays came into the arcade tonight . They let it slip that they 're helping Veronica . She got them to spike the chili . Dirty politics . Are you thinking what I 'm thinking ? Oh yeah . It 's time to go incognito . [ ' 70s funk music ] â ™ ª â ™ ª All right , let 's rock and roll . Everybody stay frosty . What ? I always wanted to say that . All right , let 's split up . And whatever you do , make sure you keep Veronica distracted . [ imitating The Terminator ] I 'll be back . [ phones ringing ] Have we met ? I don 't believe so . What publication did you say you were from again ? The um , the um , the Global Gazette . We 're a very small online news outlet . [ clears throat ] VERONICA : There 's no cause greater to my heart than helping people . [ electronic sounds ] Some people say that I 'm selfless , that I 'm a hero , but I don 't see myself that way . I think I know that girl from somewhere . Hm . ISABEL : And as mayor , what would you say that your first priorities would be ? [ gasps ] To expose cheats . You may think that you have pulled a fast one on me , but I am on to you . Never try to outsmart a con woman . [ latch clicks in distance ] [ sighs ] Okay , let 's go . Let 's go . ARCHIE : Whoa , this is like geek heaven . Yeah . Basically every penny that I 've made at the arcade goes to buying this stuff . Check out this setup . You 've even got " movie trailer voice " on this thing . [ big , echoing voice ] Archie--part dog , part machine , totally awesome . I like this guy . [ electronic sounds ] Uh , you guys , I don 't know if we should be hacking into someone 's email . It doesn 't feel right . For the record , I didn 't hack in . Her email was open . I merely observed . Besides , you won 't feel bad when you see this . Look at this chain of emails between Veronica and somebody named Kim Mathers ... Matthews . Kim Matthews is the CEO of Mogulburger . Look at this . " Dear Kim , it seems that my first attempt " at buying out the Bluebird Cafe has proven unsuccessful . " However I have come up with a new tactic that will be much more effective and less expensive . " What does that mean ? It means that Veronica is running for mayor to put Paul out of business . Can she do that ? ARCHIE : If she becomes mayor , she can change the zoning code and revoke his food service licence . And she already got Paul a bad report from the health inspector . We need to stop her . We have the evidence here . How are we going to explain how we got it ? We need to catch her in the act . Seems we got a common enemy . Oh ? We do , do we ? [ chuckles , snorts ] You said " do do . " [ clears throat ] No , but seriously , we should totally team up . Yes , maybe we should . [ yells ] Oh , oohh ! Oh-ho ! Oh ! You stay away from me , you creep ! Argh ! No , no , I mean the dog . The dog 's our common enemy . The dog with the kids ! What dog ? I don 't care about the dog . I wanna stop those kids . I don 't care about those kids . I want the dog ! That 's why I 'm saying we should team up . Yes . Maybe we should . You 're not gonna spray me again with that thing , are ya ? I think it 's disgusting that Mayor Sullivan would resort to such dirty tactics as having his niece engage in political espionage . I want a fair election . Clearly , he does not . This made the national news . I-I-I was just trying to help . Well don 't . Please . What are you saying ? Do you want me off the campaign ? I 'm sorry , but yes . I can 't afford any more disasters . I can 't believe I messed everything up so badly . It wasn 't just you . It was all of us . What a disaster . Why wasn 't I invited ? Invited to where ? To the pity party you guys are throwing for yourselves . This defeatist attitude is not gonna get us anywhere . You can 't give up so easily . Our luck could turn at any minute . How ? I 'm very close to accomplishing my mission . Let 's meet tomorrow at 1 : 00 to sign the papers . It 's got to be at a secret location . I don 't want any witnesses . There 's an abandoned concert grounds out by Highway 12 and Service Road . See you there . Looks like we 're back in business . Doesn 't look like anybody 's here . Let 's get out and take a look . There 's nobody here . I don 't know . I got a bad feeling about this . [ sniffing ] Corn chips and cheap cologne . [ gasps ] Heh , heh , heh ! Hugh ! Get in the box . Ha ha ha , look who it is . [ laughs ] Oh ho ho , just back off there , sporto . I don 't want to have to shut down this dog 's mainframe . It could erase his memory . You don 't want that , do ya ? You 'd better do as he says . Archie , no . I 'd rather have it like this than risk losing the memories of our friendship . HUGH : Yeah , listen to the mutt and cooperate with us . Come on , time to go back . [ laughs ] Us ? VERONICA : Well , well , well , if it isn 't the crack investigative journalists of the Global Gazette . [ latch shuts ] So you 're working with the infamous Hugh . If you make the right deals in life , you get ahead . Speaking of deals , are we square ? Oh yeah , yeah , yeah . Good . What you want with that mangy dog , I have no idea . You 'd be surprised what this little fella 's gonna get me on the black market . Heh heh heh heh ! Anyway , pleasure doing business with ya . Oh , do you like monster trucks ? You know , big wheels , a lotta torque ? Never mind . So , you two should be safe in here until after the election and I 'm the new mayor of Deanewood . Never try to outsmart a con woman . [ shutter bangs ] No , no , no ! Don 't sell ! Ralph , Ralph , look , I just need a couple more days . I 'm gonna get you the money . Yeah ! What ? Wait , wait , wait . [ horn honking ] What the crap ! Hey , hey ! Hey ! [ horn honking , tires screeching ] [ car doors slamming ] Are you crazy ? Where is he ? Give him back ! You ? What are you - ? Oh no , it 's mine . You gave it to me , it 's mine . I did not ! I paid you to steal him for me and you never showed up at the meeting place . Yeah , that the piddly little sum you were gonna pay me for him is nothing compared to what we can make out on the road together . Stealing ? No , working the system . Oh , I thought we were friends . See , yeah , that 's the problem . That 's all you ever thought we were , but I wanted more . I mean , didn 't you ever notice that I would always empty your trash can first ? Or that if there was only one blueberry muffin left in the cafeteria , I 'd save it for ya ? I mean , I thought we coulda been soul mates . I had no idea . Oh my god , Hugh . Yeah , well forget it . I don 't care any more . I was gonna name my new monster truck after you , but not anymore . I am very sorry if I gave you the wrong impression , but I need my dog back , Hugh ! Yeah , you want your mangy , little furry mutt robot back ? Okay , I 'll give it to ya , sure . But for 10 times the price we agreed on . [ scoffs ] Otherwise , you know , I don 't care . I got another guy all lined up . You know what , I have a better idea . It 's contained in this little doo-da right here . Do you know what that is ? Have you ever seen one before ? It contains the security footage from Cyborganix of you stealing Archie . So that 's fine . Thank you . Bye bye . No ! You turned all that off ! Kept a little something for myself in case you got greedy . [ laughs ] You 're bluffing . Am I ? You really think I would just blindly trust you ? [ laughs ] That 's fine . I 'm sure the federal authorities would love to see this . Wait ! [ grunts ] Give it . You know , one day you 're gonna regret letting a guy like me slip through your fingers . Stupid mutt anyway . [ van door slams , engine starts ] ARCHIE : Man , I hate this thing . Thanks for letting me out . Wait , I-I know you , don 't I ? You , You-you made me ! Yes , I did . Are you God ? No ! Are you my mother ? No . I , uh , I 'm not your mother . I 'm just Brooke . Well that 's ... kinda anticlimactic . Okay , come on . Let 's go . We gotta get you home . Wait , I have some friends who are in trouble . I have to save them . I need your help . [ door rattling ] Locked from the outside . Why don 't you tackle it down . You 're on the football team , right ? Yeah , but I 'm a quarterback . I just--I don 't- - Just , let me give it a shot . [ rattling ] [ breathing hard ] Archie ! You didn 't think I 'd just leave you here , did you ? Guys , I 'd like you to meet Brooke , my creator . So , Archie is really your dog ? Yes , sort of . I 'm a roboticist . I invented the technology to create a robotic dog , one that would have a much longer lifespan and possess special abilities to help people in need . Archie was the prototype . It 's like service animals . On top of that , I also gave him a personality , a voice , and a sense of humour . And then my company got bought out by a huge corporation with a very lucrative military contract and they had other ideas for the Archie project . They wanted to use the dogs for warfare . I could not support that . So I had him stolen instead ! I made a deal with Hugh . I thought I could trust him . And I was wrong . Well , how did you get Hugh to give Archie back ? I kept a memory stick that had footage of him stealing Archie from the lab , so I sort of forced a trade . So ... do you have to take Archie with you now ? Yeah , I guess I do . I can be a normal dog . I promise ! But you 're not a normal dog , are you ? Sorry , it 's just too dangerous for you to stay here . Please , Brooke , I can 't leave yet . I have to help Isabel with something . It 's really important . [ sighs ] You know what ? It 's been a really long day . I could use a shower , something to eat , even , before I drive all the way home , so I guess I could let you guys have a little more time together . Okay ? Thank you . Okay , the election is tonight . We have to stop Veronica . This could be our last chance . ARCHIE : I 've got an idea . You 've got to call Veronica 's cell in precisely 90 seconds and pretend you 're Kim Matthews , the CEO of Mogulburger . Tell her that you 're having second thoughts about investing in Deanewood . [ zooming ] [ phone keys beeping ] Here we go . [ ringtone ] Kim , darling . How are you ? Uh , hi , Veronica . This is definitely Kim Mathers . Matthews ! Matthews , I mean ! Why are you speaking in that high voice ? Are you getting sick ? He 's a guy ! [ clears throat , lowers voice ] Um , yeah . I 've come down with that bizarre strain of laryngitis that causes your voice to raise several octaves . Oh , that 's terrible ! Be sure to rest up and get better . I 'm gonna need you to fly out here soon . Things are going as planned . Wink , wink . ISABEL : Uh , yeah , about that . I 've been having second thoughts about putting a Mogulburger location in uh , uh ... what 's that town called again ? Deanewood , is it ? VERONICA : Why are you having second thoughts ? I cannot stress this enough . A Mogulburger location here would be extremely lucrative for the company . [ laughs ] Well , isn 't there already a burger joint in that location ? An amazing one , with amazing food ! Or so I 've heard . VERONICA : [ laughs ] Oh please ! It 's a small business , a mom-and-pop shop , just like every other pathetic establishment in this two-bit , one-horse town . We can be on the forefront of running these independent companies into the ground and bring in a megaplex mall . This place won 't even be a town when I 'm through with it . It 'll just be another nook of consumerism with Mogulburger as its king . Okay , sounds good . Bye ! That went well . [ zooming ] Alrighty , I got all the raw footage . Okay . The debate 's in two hours . We gotta get this together fast . All right . Game on . I 'm really gonna miss you ... when this is all over . Me too . ... Justin . Happy birthday ! [ indiscernible chatter ] Brooke ! [ yells ] Oh no . No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No , no , no , no ! No , no , no , no , no ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! [ engine starts ] Nooooo ! [ microphone feedback ] Good evening . He 's dying up there . Okay , you guys go set up . I 've gotta give Uncle Paul his speech . [ clears throat ] I 've so got this . Uncle Paul . You forgot your campaign speech . Trust me . Uh , hi ! PAUL : You all know me as a man of action , not so much words . I believe in the mantra that a person should be measured not by what they say , but by what they do . And over my time as mayor , I think you all know that I have tried to remain true to that . Yes , I may have faltered , but my heart has always been in the right place . You have all seen my true colours . But the person whose colours you have not seen are my opponent 's . While she may indeed be colourful , I 'll let you be the judge as to whether she has been true or not . What is this ? What are you doing ? I guess I 'm outsmarting a con woman . It 's show time ! [ whirring ] MALE NARRATOR : In the peaceful town of Deanewood , there lived a man named Paul- - a mayor , a leader , an inspirer . The only thing more reliable than his word was his chili cheeseburger . But every great hero must be challenged by evil . This place won 't even be a town when I 'm through with it . It 'll just be another nook of consumerism with Mogulburger as its king . [ clears throat ] This summer , will the princess of darkness defeat our hero ? [ echoing ] You decide , you decide , you decide . [ explosions ] [ whirring slows , stops ] [ applause ] [ microphone feedback ] That 's not fair . That 's not true ! MAN : Hey , get off the stage ! . [ jeers and booing ] Boo ! Boooo ! [ laughs ] Thank you . Thank you very much . That was amazing . [ laughs ] How did you manage to do that ? Well , let 's just say we had a little help from a friend . Well , if poll numbers are any indication , this is gonna be a landslide . Congratulations , Mr. Mayor . Thank you . This isn 't over , Paul . Actually , I think it is . Hi . Hi . That was really impressive in there . Oh that ? You saw that ? Yeah . Oh well , thanks . REPORTER : Mr. Mayor , do you have a quote for the local paper ? I 'll be right back . So , I guess you 're here to take your dog . Yeah , I 'm afraid so . Well , could I just have a moment with him to say goodbye . Of course . [ vehicle accelerating ] I 'm gonna get that robot ! [ siren wailing ] Whoa ! [ siren continues ] Well , pal , it 's been great getting to know you . [ sighs ] Thank you ... for being the best friend a girl could ever have . [ siren wailing ] ARCHIE : [ electronic voice ] Danger ! Danger ! Danger ! Archie ? Danger ! Ah ha-ha ha-ha ! Whoa ! [ crashing ] Danger ! Danger ! Danger ! Archie ! Danger ! Danger ! Danger ! Danger ! Danger ! Danger ! [ tires screech ] [ explosion and crashing ] [ echoing , distorted voices of Isabel and Archie ] You 're my best friend . I never really had a family . You 're my best friend . Until now . You 're my best friend . I never really had a family . You 're my best friend . Until now ... till now . [ steam hissing ] Archie , you did it ! [ door slams ] [ distorted , slowed down ] Saved you ... [ electric buzzing ] No ! Huh ? Wha ? I didn 't- - [ handcuffs click ] Let 's go . [ electric buzzing ] Archie , why did you do that ? [ distorted ] Not bad for just a machine , huh ? That 's not true . You 're not just a machine . [ voice breaking ] You have a soul . The purest soul of anyone I know . [ heartbeat ] [ buzz ] [ electronic sounds ] Am I alive or ... is this heaven ? You 're alive . Thanks to Brooke . Oh wow . It 's so great to see you guys . It 's like being alive and being in heaven at the same time . You did a really brave thing , Archie . Well , I do have all kinds of amazing talents . Yeah , so I 've learned . Right . Hi , I 'm Archie . I 'm not a normal dog . No kidding . Well , I guess you 'll have to take Archie home now . Yeah , yeah , you 're probably right . The thing is I think he is home . You really think so ? I think Archie belongs here . Thank you . Aw , thanks , God . I-I mean , Mom . I mean Brooke . Are you sure this is okay ? How could I say no ? You 're the best , Uncle Paul . Sorry , we 'll ease into the whole " uncle " thing . Sure . Whoof ! Well , I don 't know about you guys , but I 'm a tad hungry . There you go . That 's pretty good . Maybe you can talk to the boss about getting me a job here . Really ? Yeah . I was thinking maybe I 'd stick around for a while . It 's a nice town . It 'll be a nicer town with you in it . I mean , um , someone with your wealth of knowledge would be a valuable asset to the town . You 're cute . [ laughs ] What ? Before the Lindsays left tonight , I got some of Timmy 's farting powder and I may have spiked their drinks with a double dose . [ loud farting ] [ blubbering ] What 's happening ? It hurts ! This is your fault . This is your fault ! It was your idea . I didn 't do anything . [ farting continues ] [ crying ] [ laughs ] That 's awesome . I figured they had it coming after they were so mean to you . Oh , I 'm-I 'm sorry . That was super dorky . You 're making fun of me , right ? Yep . Okay . Well , how about this ? Um , was that too dorky ? No . Not at all . Look , I 'm sorry things didn 't work out between us . I really did my best to impress you , but ... [ imitating Bogie ] I guess the problems of two little dogs don 't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world . [ whines ] Aw , shucks ! Hey , I didn 't know we opened this early . I would have been here at this time every day . We 've got burgers . We 've got fries . That should come as no surprise . We 've got shakes and onion rings . Whatever it takes , we 're the kings ! â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª [ classic rock music ] â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª I can see you want â ™ ª â ™ ª To get me out of this mess â ™ ª â ™ ª If you can â ™ ª â ™ ª Why don 't you help â ™ ª â ™ ª I think I have a friend in you â ™ ª â ™ ª I think I have a friend in you â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Gonna give it all to you â ™ ª â ™ ª You tell me â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Don 't turn your back on me â ™ ª â ™ ª Don 't let me down â ™ ª â ™ ª Only you can tell me what 's ahead â ™ ª â ™ ª Only you can take me there â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'll follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'll follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Don 't turn your back on me â ™ ª â ™ ª Don 't walk away â ™ ª â ™ ª Only you can show me what 's ahead â ™ ª â ™ ª Only you can take me there â ™ ª â ™ ª Take me there â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'll follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'll follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Don 't turn your back on me â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'll follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Don 't let me down â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Only you can show me what 's ahead â ™ ª â ™ ª I 'll follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª Only you can take me there â ™ ª â ™ ª Follow you there â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª â ™ ª Please tell me that idiot 's stolen data worked . Oh , it worked all right . [ growls ] Perfect . Take your money and get out . Yeah , sure . Thanks . Heh heh heh ! And hey , uh , listen . Sorry about that whole other unfortunate incident . I was- - Shut up . Get out . Sure . [ electronic beeping ] [ growls ]
