 So , here we are . Humanity has merged with artificial intelligence . We 've created a solar system-wide Dyson Sphere that will power our technologically-heavy lives . And now Oscar and Eva are getting ready to see their friend who left Earth behind to colonize planets in far-flung galaxies . When will she be here ? Any minute . How long has it been since we 've seen her ? Years . That 's crazy . In the deep future , revolutionizing space travel also means we 'll have to rethink the human form . Sajani . Eva , you haven 't aged a day . Oh . Wow , you look ... A little different ? Yeah . Yes , those are gills . They 'll come in handy if we need to breathe underwater on some kind of ocean-covered planet . They also might be the beginning of the end of the human race as we know it . It 's the deep future . Your body , gone . You 're all computer , all the time . Your brain is way more powerful than even a billion supercomputers . Jobs , food , language , water , even traditional thought , all of humanity 's building blocks , all that 's done . And you are immortal . Squirming in your chair yet ? You should be . This isn 't science fiction . Today 's visionary thinkers say it 's a strong probability that this is what your world is going to look like . Tonight , they 'll guide you toward that spectacular future , and we 'll see how one family navigates it , one invention at a time . This is the story of your future . This is the road to Year Million . I 've shown you a version of the future when in the Year Million era humanity as we know it will have undergone such a radical transformation , we can hardly imagine what it will mean to be human . By the time we 're at the Year Million , we will be a galactic civilization . We 'll be able to roam the galactic space lanes , to play with black holes , and leap through a wormhole . And you may say , well , why ? Why ? ( Well , because A ) it 's cool , ( and B ) because we need to find a few spare planets where we can chill for a second in order to survive any sort of extinction event here on Earth . All species that have undergone a major boom have also undergone a major bust . An asteroid hits the planet once every 200,000 years . So if we 're talking about half a million to a million year timescales , we should at least anticipate one , if not several of those events , on the scale that drove the dinosaurs to extinction . The Earth will continue . We just won 't . I understand . The end of the human race on Earth is tough to think about . But the good news is that we are a pretty resilient species , and more importantly , we 've got a nearly unquenchable lust for exploration baked deep into our collective bones . I think we have a curiosity gene , a gene within us that says , what 's on the other side of that hill ? So there will always be restless people who will want to go to Mars just for the hell of it . So when we find ourselves looking for another rock to park on , that wanderlust , that craving for thrills , chills , and adventure , will ultimately be the saving grace of our species . Right now , all of our eggs are here in the Earth basket . If we plan on surviving , we need to scatter those eggs around the galaxy . If an intelligent species starts spreading between the stars , it 's pretty unlikely to go extinct . So if we are going to launch ourselves into galaxies far , far away , we 've got a little work to do first . Here 's how we human beings will achieve intergalactic travel . First we 'll need to understand the effects of extreme space travel on our bodies . Because it 'll be even harder on us than that little chip shot of a trip to Mars . That 's when our future tech will serve us well , since we will send out artificially intelligent robots . They will be our advance team , helping us travel deeper into space . They 'll terraform planets for us , and have them all set up before we even leave our atmosphere . And when we do decide to depart from Earth , we 'll need to rethink whatever space bus we 'll be driving . And humanity , through gene manipulation , changes into another species . One that could withstand the toxic environment of whatever exoplanet we 've decided to make our home . And while we 're out rocketing between far-flung stars , we 'll probably come face to face with ideas that are now only theoretical . We may discover parallel universes , where every choice , every possibility , exists in tandem . And hopefully , we will finally be able to understand the greatest mystery of all ... dark matter . The elusive , invisible material that the universe is made of ... theoretically . I know , that 's millions of light-years of information . So let 's look at how we are going to get ourselves not just to Mars and other planets in our solar system , but farther out , to other galaxies . Thousands of years from now , whatever we 've evolved into , whatever we 've become , we 're going to look back in time at these next few decades as the moment in time when the human race irreversibly has moved off the planet . I 'd like to think I 'd go up in a rocket and fly into space . But as far as high-risk occupations , astronaut is pretty , pretty up there . The men rose early , ate breakfast , and dressed in their space suits . Being an astronaut 's pretty much every kid 's dream job . But most kids only think of going to the moon or Mars . We 're talking about traveling for hundreds of thousands , or even millions of years . The human body was definitely not meant to work and function in space , and it does a very poor job of it . These guys up in orbit , they come down after up there about eight months to a year , they can 't walk , they 're helpless . They 're like little , little babies . When we start talking about intergalactic travel , that 's when we need to figure out how to stay strong for a lot more than just a year . Here at the NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations , or NEEMO for short , scientists are figuring out how to keep astronauts in space for extended periods of time . You heard me right ... NASA 's got a space station 60 feet below sea level . It 's one of the closest things we have on Earth to the no-gravity , or more accurately , microgravity environment of space . And like space , it is stressful and isolated . A perfect real-life simulation for deep space astronauts . It 's like a very long scuba dive . So essentially we are diving for days . We were actually weighted out to simulate partial microgravity . The setup was that we were rigged to be like we were walking on the surface of Mars . Astronauts live in small , pressurized pods , just like the space station , with daily excursions that mimic space walks . Here , scientists hope to unlock the secrets of staying healthy in space , no matter how long we need to be out there . _ _ And they 've already got some answers . I study how to help humans work to the best of their abilities in extreme environments . We were looking at molecular-level changes in response to living with a crew of people in a small environment , and there 's changes at the epigenetic level . It turns out that the hardships of space travel aren 't just limited to the effects of microgravity . It can affect the very building blocks of who we are . Space travel can change our genes , maybe even permanently , in what are called epigenetic changes . Things like psychological remoteness , stress , or diet , or exercise , can change how our genes are read . And we actually can pass those on to our offspring . What we want to attain eventually is when you see Spock going with the device where it scans you and diagnoses you . Severe heart damage . That 's what we 're aiming for . So , no problem . Once genetic engineering becomes an everyday doctor 's tool , we can just fix any broken genes before the problem expresses itself in the body . And that 'll be important not only for us , but for future generations that may have to be born out in space . To go to Proxima Centauri , which is , you know , our closest neighbor , you would have to send generations into space . It would have to be , wow , these people are going to be born , the next people are going to be born , the next people are going to be born , those people will die . And now , I 'm out . Thank you , goodnight . If we could travel at the speed of light , that would cut down on our travel time immensely . But no one is sure that we can ever get around the laws of physics to make that possible . Luckily , in the future , we 'll have designed artificial intelligence who can do our dirty work for us . While we humans wait in comfort here on Earth , our robot explorers will voyage into space to find a nice parking spot for us , and even set up colonies for us to live on . At some point , traveling to planets like Mars in our solar system will be like a trip to the park . Totally last week 's news . Going to deep space will be what all the cool kids are talking about . But we can 't do it alone . Space travel is really hard for humans . We don 't live long enough to go anywhere interesting . But artificial intelligence is just fundamentally different . It can live indefinitely , it can be engineered to live in space . It can swim through space , like fish in water . Artificial intelligence is our secret weapon for traveling to other galaxies . We will have generation ships , where you create these massive ships , fill them with individuals and robots or whatnot , and send it off into the depths of space . Take a look at our future AI daughter , Jess , who clearly took her father 's advice to go change the world . Jess has volunteered to lead a ship of AI and human explorers who will voyage out far into the universe to find humanity a new home . Welcome to the ark . Now , no matter what your backgrounds , no matter what your beliefs , you are welcome here . These are tight quarters , and they are probably not as comfortable as what some of you are used to , but we hope that you can make yourselves feel at home here in this safe haven . Now , if you 'll all follow me . The human passengers will have the adventure of a lifetime . But the AI on board could last for millions of years , and they won 't need food or doctors . They could even simply power down until they got to their destination . And once they got there , they could set up some living pods for us , or just report back on what they found . If only everything were this easy . But it 's not just about sending up robots in spaceships . AI will help us travel through space in far more innovative ways . That 's where space travel gets really interesting . We 're going to be sending avatars , and we 're going to transmit our consciousness and not necessarily our meat bodies to go there . Meat bodies ? Really ? That 's just creepy . What will space travel look like hundreds of years from now ? One possibility is something that I call laserporting . We 're going to be able to beam our consciousness into outer space at the speed of light . You don 't have to worry about accidents with a booster rocket , radiation , weightlessness , none of that , 'cause you 're literally riding on a light beam , pure consciousness , going through the heavens . We put our consciousness on a laser beam , shoot that information to the moon . On the moon , there 's a receiver . This machine relays that information to a robot , a superhuman robot . So your consciousness now sees through the eyes of a robot with superhuman capability . I would love to check out the rings on Saturn or Neptune . Um , I 'm just fascinated by the ring . So , because the universe liked it , so they put a ring on it . What ? Why did I say that ? I 'm so embarrassed , but that , it 's also a valid joke . There 's another factor to consider once we are spending all of our time flying around the universe . Spaceships are going to become , for all intents and purposes , our new homes . According to science fiction , those ships will either be functional , industrial vessels , or flying luxury palaces . 'Alien , ' the first one , in that film , the spaceship was sort of a floating refinery , very mechanical , industrial-looking piece of stuff . Me being a huge Star Trek dweeb , what I really would like to see is space travel reach a point where we leave this solar system in comfort . I would love to see that like where a city is built in space and then that city travels to another solar system or that city moves out to explore the universe with a bunch of Earthlings . So just imagine all of Manhattan as a floating spaceship . But comfort aside , the real issue we 've got to take on is how to get those ships to go into what Star Trek called ' warp drive , ' traveling at the speed of light . Without that , space travel is definitely a lot trickier and infinitely slower . To get the kind of travel that you see in the movies , interstellar travel , is simply not possible by extrapolating from the technologies we have . Getting any massive spacecraft to something approaching the speed of light is a very tricky proposition . Your gas tank grows bigger and bigger , and your spaceship balloons ludicrously as you try to get close to those speeds . And of course , it 's complicated by the fact that , as you start getting closer to light speed , relativity rears its head . I think space travel is still going to be kind of grindy for a while , take a long time , and you know , you might take a vacation on another world once in a while , but it would be kind of like , you know , ship travel was 500 years ago , where you really got to be committed if you want to go across the Atlantic . I have such motion sickness , like I really just don 't think I could make it in a spacecraft , like I would be a nightmare , and like no amount of Dramamine would like help that situation . Dramamine probably won 't help on a little jaunt to , say , the Andromeda I galaxy , which you could fly to in 2.5 million years , if you could fly at the speed of light . Which , right now , you can 't , because of that pesky theory of relativity . So , yes , you get it . Until we figure out some big physics problems , intergalactic travel could take a very long time . Which means we might want to consider looking for a shortcut through space . And that means wormholes . If you could bend the fabric of space and time , and rip it , you might be able to take a shortcut , a wormhole , through the fabric of space and time . Take a sheet of paper , and then fold it so that two ends meet in the middle , and you punch a hole straight through . That is a wormhole . Like the looking glass of Alice . When Alice stuck her hand in the looking glass , her hand went from the countryside of Oxford to Wonderland . The Lincoln Tunnel is a great example of what a wormhole could be like , but you 'd have to think of it as the entrance and the exit of the Lincoln Tunnel being the same point in space . If we can 't figure out warp speed , we 'll have to figure out how to create wormholes , because there 's going to be no way to travel such a great distance unless we go through the wormhole . That means you could get from one point to another , thousands of light-years away as easily as walking through a door . It 's a little too good to be true . Instead of sitting in Los Angeles traffic , just walk through a wormhole and get to work in about three seconds . That 'd be a huge hit amongst pretty much everyone who has ever taken the 405 freeway . Maybe that 's why Hollywood has had such a long-standing love affair with the wormhole . Hollywood loves to use wormholes as kind of like a , oh , we need to get them from one place to another , so we 're going to do some , like , cool visual effects , and we 're going to send them through the wormhole , and they 're going to be wherever they need to be . I do like a wormhole . They 're all over Star Trek . Deep Space Nine was the guardian of that wormhole and sort of let ships pass through and didn 't let ships pass through . I got a wormhole , and I can go there . Hmm . I 'm going to say Detroit . It 's making a comeback ! I 'm telling you , Detroit 's making a comeback . I would love a wormhole that could get me there and back with no problem . Mostly back . If we could find and use a wormhole , it could be the key to opening up immediate travel to anywhere in the universe we wanted to check out . Like , we invent something like jump gates or , you know , portable wormholes or whatever , obviously all bets are off . It 's a pretty cool idea . Like , I want a wormhole instead of the New York City subway . Oscar even installed a wormhole in his living room to meet Eva at their remote mountain getaway seven galaxies away . Eva ? We know Oscar is a late adopter to all things future tech , but it looks like his wormhole is something he 'll be using more often than not . Took you long enough . There is , as always , just one issue ... traveling through a wormhole could destabilize the tunnel , leaving any travelers stranded or dead . Not exactly how you want an intergalactic trip to turn out . And we certainly wouldn 't send something we cared about into one . Right , so let 's add ' shoring up wormholes ' to our to-do list . Interstellar and intergalactic travel , where we travel in our , uh , sorry , meat bodies , is going to take a lot of scientific progress before it 's a reality . As we develop technologies to take us around the universe , we 'll simultaneously have to figure out how we will exist on other planets . And that means we 'll change our DNA to suit the environment around us , triggering something called speciation . We 'll be able to exist on a planet that has , say , toxic air . The bad news is that we won 't be human anymore , but we 'll get to that in a minute . Humanity is going to try to explore intergalactic space , whether we do it on board a spaceship , via artificial intelligence , or through a wormhole . But getting out there beyond our galaxy is only half the battle . The bigger question is how humans are planning to survive wherever we decide to hang our hats . We will be able to tinker with our genetic heritage . It 's only a matter of time . And that 's when humanity is going to start looking very different than we do today . Space travel is going to separate us into separate colonies , you know , that 'll never talk to each other again . We 're going to become a multitude of different human species . We are going to speciate . Meaning , we 'll deliberately mutate our genetic code to ensure an upgraded version of our species survives what would be the toxic , uninhabitable environment of an exoplanet . We 're going from what has been Darwinism , evolution by natural selection , to something different . Evolution by intelligent direction , by our own desires . People will have modified their DNA to be more resistant to cosmic radiation , or building bodies that are better able to deal with low gravity . Or even more radically , modifying their respiratory systems to actually be able to process the Martian atmosphere . If we go to space , over time , of course , parts of humanity are going to be very separated . And some people might indeed go for very radical changes . It just sounds entirely unpleasant to make a genetic modification to myself , to be able to like breathe Mars ' air or whatever it is . I imagine it would involve some sort of a hole in , like , placed in my person , you know what I mean ? I imagine some sort of a third arm would need to be attached . Uh , what kind of clothes would I wear with a third arm ? Totally hear you . But the need for a third arm may not only be entirely necessary for survival , it may even be fashionable . But let 's not get sidetracked . The point is , right now , some of the world 's brightest minds are examining how extremophiles can survive even the harshest conditions , conditions where life shouldn 't survive . When you think about it , we have already gotten pretty comfortable with drastically modifying our bodies ... think cochlear implants , heart transplants , and hip replacements . It 's even tough to find someone without a tattoo these days . But once we start changing our bodies on a much larger level , like our half-fish friend , that 's when you start talking about the birth of a new species beyond humanity . That group will become post-humans . A post-human could be a very radically redesigned genetic human . We could intentionally speciate , we could make ourselves radiation resistant by just changing a handful of genes , maybe as few as four genes . That means the next incarnation of humanity will be a little like a pre-fab home ... We 'll design it ourselves and have it built to our specifications to optimize our comfort in life . But in order to survive on Mars we have to learn how we could survive in a Mars-like environment . It was widely believed that the Red Planet look-alike landscape of the Atacama Desert was sterile . And then Armando discovered something remarkable . That 's what we call in the business a scientific jackpot . Life was discovered in a place that , like Mars , no one believed was possible . So if there is life here , could there be life up there ? And more importantly , could these tiny desert microorganisms show us how our bodies can be adapted to live in the Mars environment ? Even if these little organisms don 't crack the code for making us Martians , studying them might help us live on the Red Planet more comfortably . Okay , so once we 're tearing around in space , driving through wormholes from one galaxy to another , that 's when we may start to bump into a few things that are truly mind-bending . For instance , what if every time you made a decision , you didn 't just leave behind a road untraveled ? What if that road spun off and became a parallel universe ? Makes that agonizing decision over what wireless plan to choose kind of moot , doesn 't it ? As we travel , ever closer , to that Year Million scenario , let 's take a quick look and see just how far we 've come . Space is now our playground . We 've sent robots to every nook and cranny of the universe , and we 've even mastered wormholes . We 've developed new technologies to transcend huge distances in space , and we 've evolved our bodies . But the real mind-bender ? We might find that we don 't have to travel beyond our doorstep to find alternative universes . The way that I imagine like the parallel universe thing , is it 's like , you know when you wake up and you 're in a dream ? You 're in your house , but it 's not actually your house , but it feels like your house . Hey , Oscar . You made it . You are in this weird state , where you sort of are aware that something is wrong , but everything feels right . Um , you know what ? I don 't , I have no idea how this works . Hmm , let 's see . There are some that see a parallel universe as an infinite number of universes that exist alongside of the one that we live in , where things are pretty much the same , but certain things are different . I don 't know what 's real . It 's all real . And I don 't want to get too much further into that , because I 'll start sounding stupid , 'cause I don 't know what I 'm talking about . Looks like we 're going to have to turn to the big guns , or at least to someone with a PhD . So , in string theory , which is an attempt to realize Einstein 's dream of a unified theory of all of nature 's forces , we find the mathematics suggests that our universe might be one of a grand collection of realms , each of which would rightly be called a universe of its own . Perhaps the Big Bang , which gave rise to our universe , was not a unique event . Maybe there are many big bangs , each giving rise to its own universe . What , what , what ? I have some questions ! I think we all do . Is there a simpler way to explain it ? I like to think of it as though we are one bubble in a big cosmic bubble bath , where the other bubbles are other universes . The exciting idea about parallel universes is that in almost exactly the same way , when a human is born , it 's possible for an ovum to split and form twins . It is possible to imagine , in the birth agony of a universe , in that big bang , for that explosion also to split . That means that there is another universe just like ours , separated from us by the thinnest of walls , if we only can learn how to pierce it and cross over . Yeah , that 's really , that 's just ... My head 's kind of spinning . It 's a funky idea . We could have a world dominated by chimpanzees . We could have a world where the Hindenburg didn 't crash . Multiple big bangs isn 't the only way to get to parallel universes . The many worlds approach to quantum physics says that the act of observation winds up yielding two universes , one with one outcome where you see one result , and another universe where you see a different result . So this morning , when you 're trying to decide between pancakes and eggs , and you chose eggs . In another universe , you chose pancakes . Both options are fulfilled , and the universe splits into one way it did happen , one way it didn 't . The most extreme notion is that we are forming universes around us at every moment . That every atomic interaction , every choice we make , every little thing that happens , creates an explosion of universes from that moment . Maybe it 's just this infinite hall of mirrors . There 's this idea that these parallel universes sort of touch us every so often , and they slightly tweak our reality . One example of this is that there is a large group of people on the Internet who believe that there was a movie at some point made called Shazaam , which starred Sinbad as a genie . This movie does not exist . Sinbad has repeatedly been like , I don 't know what you 're talking about . But there are all of these people who remember and can describe the plot from a movie called Shazaam . There is a movie called Kazaam , in which Shaquille O 'Neal is a genie . But that 's not the movie they 're talking about . People really , truly believe this thing exists . And some small subset of those people believe that they actually have crossed over from a parallel universe , in which Shazaam existed . That 's literally , I swear to God , that 's literally the theory . I 'm not making this up . I did not make this up . So is this just an Internet conspiracy , or our best documented evidence of a parallel universe ? Could there really be multiple universes bumping into one another and shapeshifting around us ? I can 't see why it wouldn 't exist . The more that we come to understand our universe , the more we realize it 's much more complex . Things like time are much more complex than we thought that they were . So why wouldn 't the universe be more complex , too ? I think the value of many universes theory is that it 's a reminder that we can choose to live in different ways , and that the way we exist isn 't the way we have to . In fact , if there really are parallel universes , then we are all living all possibilities in another universe somewhere else . Many people come up to me and say , ' Professor , if there are parallel universes , then is Elvis Presley still alive in one of these parallel universes ? ' And the answer is , you can 't rule it out . There could be a certain probability , calculable probability that , yes , the king is still alive . Because all of the possible outcomes of every experiment , every observation , every happening , they all take place , just in their own distinct universe . There may be a literally infinite number of universes . That is to say that everything that could be possible somewhere is real . Right next door , through the membrane separating this bubble from that bubble . So the big question is , how do we get there ? Can we reach other universes ? How to leap from this bubble to that bubble , is a mystery for future science or for the black arts , or for a science fiction writer to speculate irresponsibly about . So , maybe not now , or in the near future , but in Year Million , maybe , just maybe , humanity will discover a way to travel between universes . Even now , scientists speculate that those massive gravitational fields where light goes to die , may be portals through which we can reach other universes . We might be able to exploit black holes , and how that could be a gateway to , you know , another realm that 's separate from this current universe . That holds some promise . The mathematics says that a spinning black hole collapses to a ring , a ring of neutrons . If you stick your hand through the ring of spinning neutrons , you wind up on another universe . It 's bizarre . It 's mind-shattering , if you think about it . But it 's something that we physicists take very seriously . Once we are able to pierce the veil and travel from one universe to the other , then there are literally no limits for us . Even if black holes are our pathway to this final frontier of exploration , there is plenty more to figure out . Like getting a grip on the most mysterious and pervasive concept of them all , one that has baffled scientists since they first realized it may exist . Because dark matter is just plain bizarre , and it might be the answer to absolutely everything in the universe . We 've travelled into outer space , through wormholes . And into parallel universes . But the biggest , most important discovery of all may actually be all around you . But you can 't see it . Every high school textbook in science says that the universe is mainly made out of atoms . Wrong . We now know that most of the universe is not mainly made out of atoms . Instead , the universe is made up of something called dark matter . And it is the holy grail of science . Dark matter is invisible matter that holds the galaxy together . If I have dark matter in my hand right now , first of all , it would be invisible , but it has gravity . But it would literally sift right through my fingers , 'cause it has no interactions with atoms , go all the way down to the center of the Earth , all the way down to China . We don 't know too many concrete facts about dark matter . We don 't even know what it looks like or how it is made . We just have an idea of what it does . And this incognito stuff is definitely doing some heavy lifting , universe-wise . No one 's ever observed it . It 's not been seen by anybody . But we just know , based on , you know , the movement of regular matter that it should be there . You can 't scan it , you can 't see it , we just have to assume that it 's there based on the movements of everything else . Okay , but what is it ? Is it bigger than a bread basket ? Is it hard or soft , black or white or blue ? I personally think that dark matter is a higher vibration of tiny little strings . There 's another theory , however , and that is dark matter is perhaps ordinary matter hovering in a parallel universe . So , dark matter ... oh , boy . So , dark matter is when Lord Voldemort invokes ... No . What is that force ? We can 't see clearly what it is . We see darkly what it is . If one of you ever figure this out , what is dark matter , be sure to tell me first , and we can share the Nobel Prize together . So we can see how hard dark matter is on the brain . Here 's the thumbnail sketch on dark matter ... Something is holding the universe together with gravity . And that something , the theory goes , is dark matter . We know it is there only because we can see what it does . Stars should be flying off , sort of like water droplets on a bicycle rim . You spin the rim , the water flies off , but they 're not . We believe that dark matter is what 's holding it all together . Dark matter , we believe , are likely to be particles that are wafting through space , that we believe provide the additional gravitational pull in a spinning galaxy . I mean , dark matter , that sounds like my entire life . I know about 4 % of my life . The other 96 % , I am just trying to figure out . And that 's maybe why I like dark matter so much . So we can 't visualize it or define it , which makes answering any questions about it almost impossible . But scientists are doing everything they can to make a little bit of this stuff themselves . Deep underground , at the European Council for Nuclear Research , sits the largest machine on the planet . This , my friends , is the famed Large Hadron Collider . This giant tube could reveal all the secrets to the known universe . The Large Hadron Collider has the capacity , at least in principle , to be a dark matter factory . Because what it does is it slams protons together . After they cycle around an 18-mile-long tunnel , they slam together near the speed of light . And we believe that some of the energy from those collisions can go into producing particles of dark matter . Smashing particles in the Large Hadron Collider might be the next step to discovering , you know , what 's happening in the rest of dark matter , in quantum physics . There are certain particles that we are looking for , and the Large Hadron Collider helps us find these particles . One was the Higgs boson , which we found , and when I say we , I mean me , because I was heading up that project . Thank you , you 're welcome . Thank you for that , Chuck . Scientists have used the Hadron Collider to essentially recreate the conditions of the Big Bang . That 's when dark matter was theoretically born . The Hadron Collider could potentially generate dark matter so we could poke it and prod it and just maybe understand it . Because if we comprehend dark matter , we could figure out things about how the universe works that have eluded us . Dark matter could show us how to bend the laws of physics , and let us travel at the speed of light . And it could be the answer to , well , everything . Eventually , it could affect all of humanity . If we are trying to reach other stars , then we 're going to need something down at the root level of reality to sink our hooks into , to invent that new technology . And what dark matter tells us is there 's something about the makeup of the cosmos that will , when we understand it , tell us something fundamentally new about the world . We 're getting close , we think , to understanding the basic laws . But as I say that , I know that nature loves to just grab us and slap us in the face and say , ' Get rid of that hubris , you don 't actually understand anything . ' To that point , there are a few out there who believe that the Hadron Collider could inadvertently cause a black hole that would swallow up the universe and everything in it . Yeah , that would suck . It 's like , oops , I destroyed the universe . We 're monkeying around with some powerful forces , and you know , so we 're like kids playing with matches . You know , maybe we 'll burn our house down . Well , the Swiss are known for their precision , so here 's hoping that they keep their Hadron Collider well in line . Also , you 'll be happy to hear that it 's an unsubstantiated theory that the Earth will get swallowed by a black hole . If not , well , you 'll be amongst the first to know . This invisible , mysterious stuff could crack every code that 's stumped scientists . It could show us how to build an intergalactic spaceship or even how to travel through space and time . And if we figure out how to access and manipulate it earlier , that Year Million era could be happening a hell of a lot sooner . But once we 've mastered dark matter , it 's not like our journey will end there . In our quest for knowledge , we will change humanity 's destiny . Every new discovery leads to another mystery . Every question inspires some brave soul to set off on a journey to explore the unknown . It is what has led us every step of the way on our incredible journey to the Year Million . When we arrive at that future point , we will have built artificial intelligence . Hi , Dad . We 'll communicate telepathically . We 'll not only reengineer our DNA to resist all life-threatening diseases and viruses , we 'll be able to create the ultimate sustainable biological body , designed to our exact specifications . Then there may be a time when our descendants will choose to discard their physical bodies and live as a giant digital collective inside the metaverse . We may look totally different , since we 've altered ourselves to be able to colonize new planets . And even beyond mere cosmetics , we could be uploaded into the digital realm , living immortal lives inside the massive Dyson Sphere . And parallel universes and dark matter all became a reality . Every step in humanity 's maturation has led to a more fantastical leap forward in our technological development and our understanding of the universe . What will the next million years after that be ? Only our imaginations can tell . And if there 's one thing I know , it 's that the human imagination is thrillingly limitless .
