 Miller : Previously on the expanse ... You shouldn 't even be on this station . Whoa , whoa . Hey , hey . That 's something you need to get off your chest there ? Fred : Dozens of ships leave here every day . It 's time for you to go . Can I have my gun back ? Paolo : Is that ... Fred : It 's one of the data streams that dresden was collecting . It 's coming directly from Eros . Give it to me ! Are those people talking ? Not people . Building something . Building what ? We 're going to find out ! I need evidence . I 'm asking you for help . You think this is for real ? I think I got something she can use . Chrisjen : What the fuck is this ? Miller : Tell me a little bit more about your journey . Two kilometers long , half a kilometer wide . And at the center , a piece of earth , curved back on itself . Our Eden . Any idea how we can take out a whole asteroid ? Miller : With that . The nauvoo . Carlos : Must 've been one hell of a fight . The data core and logs were purged , so we pulled whatever we could out of the flight operation systems . We 're sending you the design specs along with the DNA scans of the 13 bodies found on board . But get this , the ship has one of the fusion drives that were stolen from the bush shipyards . We 'll maintain position with the wreck and we 'll await your instructions . When Fred Johnson gave you those coordinates were you expecting to find this ? I don 't know what I was expecting . He could be playing you . Then at least we know he 's willing to play . Huh . DNA profiles from those stiffs on the stealth . Their official records show all of them were last employed by protogen corporation . Then their histories pretty much stopped . Protogen , a subsidiary of mao-kwikowski . Of course , so are half the companies in the system . Chrisjen : That 's it . Fred wants me to connect protogen to the stealth ships . And to Jules-Pierre mao ? Do you really think he 's in bed with errinwright ? How many people have the resources to wage a private war , with a private fleet of ships ? Phoebe station . Protogen ran a research base on Phoebe ... Tell davila to push that wreck into the nearest unn patrol route . Wait . You want it to be discovered ? Yes . Because then it won 't be a secret anymore . What 's so urgent ? What the hell is he doing here ? I know you two have your differences but I don 't care . We 've got bigger issues to deal with . We 're going back to Eros . We need your help . We 're done going anywhere with you . And you should 've kicked his ass off this station by now . I don 't expect you to understand what I did to dresden . Actually , I understand your belter bullshit just fine . Good . Then you know we need to do something about this rock . Yeah , and you put a bullet in the guy who could 've told us how . Yeah , I did . I killed the mad scientist . And now we need to kill his science experiment . And how do you suppose we do that ? The martian quarantine patrols are just gonna clear us a Lane ? The patrols are gone . The inners have been redeploying ships all over the system since earth blew up deimos . Eros is unguarded ? And it 's only a matter of time before someone lands on it and takes a sample or gets infected . What does any of this have to do with him ? Miller 's leading a demolition team to plant explosives around the docks . Naomi : It 's not gonna work . Even if you mine the docks , if someone wants in badly enough , they 'll find a way . That 's why we 're gonna use that . To knock Eros right into the sun . Did you just say you 're gonna use the nauvoo as a battering ram ? That 's well put . Naomi : The nauvoo is a cathedral . What do the mormons have to say about this plan ? We 're commandeering the ship . You 're insane . And you might be too , for listening to this lunatic . Well , I guess we could just broadcast everything we know , and wait for earth , Mars and the opa to all rally together and start singing Kumbaya and do the right thing . Just hear me out , all right ? Look . We 're gonna ... We 're gonna launch the nauvoo , from here , okay ? We 're going to shoot her like a bullet towards Eros , picking up speed . Fred 's geeks crunched all the numbers . Velocity , speed , angle , all that crap . So when she hits ... Eros is on her merry way . We 're gonna detonate the bombs after impact . Controlled explosion that just destroys the docks and cooks the surface . Nobody ever gets in there again . There 's got to be a better way . Screw it . Why don 't we just pack every bomb we have onto the surface and detonate them all at once ? Vaporize the whole damn station . We 'd turn one big infected rock into a million tiny ones . And if one of them rocks falls down a gravity well ... Cortazar said the protomolecule was building something inside Eros . What if it 's a weapon ? Miller : We need a gunship to deliver the bombs and to provide cover in case we run into any hostiles . We need the roci . And her crew . This is gonna destroy you . Along with everything you 've tried to build here . Somebody 's got to act . It 's the right thing to do . Stars are better off without us . All right . We 're in . The mormons are gonna be pissed . News reporter : ... And revelations from the discovery of the wrecked stealth ship in the belt continue to reverberate earth-side . Today , u.N. Sources confirmed that evidence aboard the ship has been conclusively linked to protogen corporation , a subsidiary of mao-kwikowski mercantile , and that all of protogen 's corporate assets have been frozen , pending a full investigation of the company 's ties to opa terrorist ... Get me errinwright . Sadavir : Thank you for coming in . And we appreciate you meeting with us without your legal team . I believe in always clearing up misunderstandings eye-to-eye . Good . So , you had no knowledge of the money being funneled from protogen to build a fleet of secret stealth ships ? Of course not , madam . Mao-kwikowski has hundreds of satellite companies under its umbrella . Protogen represents less than a third of one percent of our revenue . We all know that Fred Johnson still has ties to earth , but you need to explain to us how the opa could infiltrate your company . We do business in every part of the system . So naturally we 're going to be a target for corporate espionage and political radicals . So , you believe the stealth ships are the work of ... Opa moles ? That 's the theory that our security team is operating under . These moles are still your employees whom you hired and vetted through your security screenings . Day-to-day operations are handled by protogen executives , with full autonomy . With such a small project , my team would only be notified if the company exceeded its budget allotment . So , these " rogue " employees managed to make a profit and a war without even going over budget ? God , maybe we should get these people on our payroll . Protogen is a bio-tech research company , and it had a government contract on Phoebe station . Is that correct ? I 'm sorry , chrisjen . How is this relevant to the stealth ships ? The martians seemed very intent on destroying Phoebe before the Nathan hale could secure it . I just wanted to know what protogen was working on there . Jules-Pierre : I 'll check into that for you . But if it was a government contract , I 'm sure that you would have full access to those same records . And here I thought you came in to clear up any misunderstandings . We 're being polite , monsieur mao , but the deputy secretary and i are trying to stop a war . The fact is , these stealth ships were built by your company , under your watch . And the people of earth will hold you personally responsible when the first rock falls from the sky . I 'm sure monsieur mao will personally see that protogen helps the u.N. Investigation with complete transparency before any more tragedy occurs . Isn 't that right ? Of course , deputy secretary . I only want what 's in the best interests of the system . Woman : There has been a radiation leak on the nauvoo . All personnel are required to disembark until further notice . Mccann : Hey ! Hey , what 's going on ? Are you involved in this ? Why are all of our people being taken off the nauvoo ? Whoa , whoa , whoa . The union . You can 't argue with the union . It 's a standard safety protocol , right . You don 't want a big radiation leak out on your trip to the big unknown , do you ? So , then why are all our comms shut off ? Why can 't we send messages back to earth , tell the administration what 's been going on ? I dunno . System must be down or something . I 'm sure they 'll get it all back and running in the next couple of hours . You know , maybe sooner . You know what ? I don 't believe you . Why are you lying to us ? For your own safety , sit the fuck back down . What is happening to our ship ? This is our temple . Hey . You said you wanted to be part of god 's plan . You wanted to take a leap of faith . Is this what you had in mind ? This is part of god 's plan . All mormon workers have been evacuated from the nauvoo . Fred : Prepare for launch . It 's good to know you 've got your head back . Hey , never clearer . Woman : Attention . Attention . Dock six is now closed to all but authorized personnel . Dock six is now closed to all but authorized personnel . I 'll meet you on board . Now , I hope you 're not coming for your pound of flesh because I don 't know if i got that much to spare . No speeches , I promise . Why are you doing this ? Uh ... I don 't know . I 've never done a spacewalk before . And , uh , the kid here says it 's better than sex . I don 't know if he can really make that comparison though . You no sa-sa nothing . Mi crush ass to dust . Are you doing this for Julie ? But you know that destroying Eros won 't rid us of all the protomolecule . You know what we hid out there . Did you tell Fred ? No . Nah , this mission , this is on me . But , uh , that sample ? That 's on you . You do the right thing with it . Good luck , kopeng mi . Ya , oso to . Woman 1 : Flight profile lock . Man 1 : Copy that . Flight profile locked . Woman 2 : Velocity acceleration check . We are ascending . Man 1 : Copy that . Move power to and flight comm to internal prep for disengage . Woman 2 : There 's a beacon here on the left . Woman 1 : Power and comm show green . Ready to disengage . Man 1 : Gantry disengage , on my mark . Three ... Two ... one ... Mark . Woman 2 : Gantry disengaged . Woman 3 : Power re-start engaging . Man 2 : Cap com , we are go . Man 1 : Docking tube release on my mark . - Three , two , one , mark . Docking clamps released . Woman 2 : Clamps are clear . Man 1 : Deploy tugs for reorientation of the nauvoo . Woman 2 : Lmc looks good . Man 1 : Roger that retro . We are go . Man 2 : Tugs are in position and commencing reorientation . Fred : Guy molinari , what is your status ? Pilot : Ready for push-off on your command , tycho . Fred : Rocinante , are you ready for launch ? That 's a Roger , there , tycho . On a wing and a prayer . Woman 1 : Nucleus is green . Tugs are a go . Woman 2 : Power systems green . Man 1 : Copy . Gantry disengaged . Man 2 : Primary vector looks good . Man 1 : Nauvoo is now set for optimal trajectory . Drummer : The nauvoo is in position and all systems are in the green . We will go on your signal . You were meant to go to a new sun . Commence launch sequence . Woman 2 : Ready on the solar wind to the west . Woman 1 : Copy that . Man 2 : Copy that . Man 1 : Detach and recall tugs . Man 2 : Tugs detached and on a recall . Drummer : Tugs all clear . Woman 2 : Rocinante , guy molinari , you are clear for burn . - Oi , pampaw ! You starting to like space now ? Yeah ! Beltalowda ! I like this plan . Woman : Engines are ready for full power-up . T-minus-ten seconds . Good luck and godspeed . Sadavir : I 'm sorry you had to go through that . But we needed to get out in front of this . Well played . You said you had avasarala on a leash . She 's already connected us to Phoebe station . It 's wild speculation , zero evidence . I know her . She 's posturing . Jesus , you don 't even realize it . Sadavir : Realize what ? She knows we 're working together . Bullshit . She got lucky with the stealth ships , which I might add was another screw up by your people . But she 's still chasing shadows , so let 's not lose our heads here . Of course you can 't see it . You 're top dog in a bureaucracy filled with idiots . And your failure to control your own office has compromised this project and forced me to explore other options . That sounds like a threat . You need me . You need my government 's resources and my protection . I need a patron who understands the historic importance of what 's happening , and can adjust his world view accordingly . But you 're just trying to save your job . So I 'll let you get back to it . Okay , apart from us , we are the only ones in the general vicinity , and ... Hang on . A couple of unn and martian ships out of the Jupiter fleets are changing course . Calculating ... They 're heading our way . It was bound to happen . No way we could hide this much activity forever . It doesn 't matter . By the time they get here , it 'll be too late . Holden : All right , let 's do this . Amos , drop the ordnance . Roger that . Bombs away . Always wanted to say that . Feels like we 're covering up a crime . Amos : Yeah . That 's exactly what it feels like . Guy molinari , ordnance is in position on the catwalks and tracking beacons are on . You 're clear to start your run . Pilot : Thank you , rocinante . We 'll take it from here . Demolition teams , stand by to deploy . Wanna stay here , keep my seat warm ? Fuck off , kid . All right , everybody ready ? You got this , spaceman . Yeah , right , thanks . Drummer : Demolition teams . You must finish placing the bombs at the precise locations around Eros dock , and get out before the nauvoo hits . Impact minus two hours 57 minutes . Alex , swing by the docks . I wanna make sure we were the only ones who left . You got it , hoss . Diogo : Miller ? You gonna puke ? That 's not the end I 'm worried about . Staz : How the hell were you belter ? Never done no spacewalk ever ? I 'm more of a city belter . Oh , shit . Where are my detonators ? What ? I should 'a busted your ass back to that prison barge on ceres ... Got ' em right here , Miller . Shit . You need to lighten up , que ? You seem real eager to want to go floating out into space , kid . Come on , pampaw . Fresh air ! Jesus . Torrent downloaded by RARBG You okay back there , Miller ? Can you keep up with me , old man ? Whoo-hoo ! Shit ! Miller ! Miller , you 're coming in too fast ! Shit ! Diogo : Oh no , that 's bad . You 're goddamn right it 's bad ! Relax , pampaw . Good rock hopper always bring a spare . Spacewalk pretty awesome , ya ? I still say you ain 't never been laid , kid . Yeah , whatever . You be my first . The station 's mainframe is offline , but the emergency lockdown systems are still active . All the hatches are sealed . Ladar hasn 't picked up any movement and no heat signatures or em from any of the ships . Good . Just like we left it . Amos : There might not be anything out here , but there is definitely something in there . And whatever it is , it 's generating a lot of heat from inside that rock . I sure as heck am not eager to find out what that is , partner . Then let 's finish up and get out of here . What the heck is that ? The " voices on Eros " . It 's getting faster . Miller : I really don 't wanna hear that shit . Turn it off . I celebrate our beratnas on Eros . Their sacrifice . Keep dem alive in all of us . Turn it off . How the hell you call yourself belter , kopeng ? Just lucky I guess . It wasn 't my idea to be born on ceres . Then why you out here rock hopping ' ? Finding my way home , maybe , huh ? All right . Here . Easy . Easy . All right . Lock it down . Diogo : That 's one . Five more to go , Miller . Miller : Come on , we gotta move . We got these . Alex , hold on . I 've got something here . A hot spot on the surface . Copy that . Holding position . Naomi : It 's a ship . Looks like we 've got some tourists . Amos : It 's probably pirates . Lookin ' to rip and run . I 'm gonna fire up a drone . Get some eyes down there and see what 's what . Guy molinari , we 've discovered an unknown ship tethered to the station and are investigating . Tell your demolition teams to be on the lookout for possible hostiles . Pilot : Copy that , rocinante . Will do . " Marasmus . " Checking the registry . It 's a rental . It 's hired out of pallas station . Can you open the airlock ? Shouldn 't be a problem . Got it . Open sesame . Wow . That is the nicest scav ship i have ever seen . Alex : That 's just odd . Y 'all ever seen pirates with state-of-the-art life support systems ? And a med bay ? Med bays on pirate ships are usually just " open airlocks . " Then why the disguise ? Alex : Whoa ! What the ... Drone 's not responding . Target-lock the ship . - Done . - We can 't let it go anywhere . We can 't just shoot it . Nobody 's shooting anybody . Amos , suit up . We 're being hailed ! Man : Please ! Don 't fire on us ! We 're here on a peaceful mission . Holden : Then why 'd you take down our drone ? I overreacted . We don 't want any trouble with Mars . Your markings notwithstanding , we know a martian frigate when we see one . This area is under a strict quarantine . Who are you and what are you doing here ? I 'm a doctor , on a humanitarian mission to give aid to the survivors of Eros . We have no affiliation with any government ... That may be the case , but you 've broken numerous martian laws by coming here . Our only interest is in helping the victims . We thought we might be able to find an airlock since the port is offline , but the whole station is locked down . We couldn 't get inside . The station is locked down for everyone 's safety . And so a hundred thousand people down there have been condemned ? It 's a terrible situation , but we all have our orders . Do not attempt to move your ship and prepare to be boarded . Alex : What the hell are you doin ' ? We takin ' prisoners now ? We 've got a hundred million tons of steel bearing down on us . We don 't have time to board their ship for a chin-wag . I know . But they think we 're martian Navy . Hopefully , they 'll leave without trying to turn this into some political crusade . So , we 're lettin ' them go ? What else can we do ? We 're not telling them the truth . And if they stay , they die . These people don 't deserve that . They didn 't get inside . Lucky for everyone . Pilot : Miller , diogo , pick up the pace . The other teams are finished planting their bombs and are heading back . Miller : Okay . Understood . I still got two bombs left . We won 't be late . Your old ass is slowing ' us down . Quick enough to catch your scrawny ass on ceres . Wannabe gangster , wannabe freedom fighter . Don 't wanna be a gangster no more , Miller . Ain 't chasing ' the scrip . I 'm opa now . I fight for the cause . Yeah , well I got news for you , pal . The opa has got more gangsters than ceres . Only they don 't pay as good . It 's part of their brainwashing bullshit . The hell you know 'bout anything ? You star helix badge . You well wala . All right , kid . Just go in with your eyes open , huh ? You live long enough , you 'll figure it out . So ... Why I take advice from a loser like you ? That 's just it . You shouldn 't . You a real asshole , Miller . So , what you gonna do when we finish this ? Uh , I don 't know . Maybe , uh , I 'll go back to ceres . Start sellin' black-market water . I hear there 's an opening . Come on . Let 's move . Well , I think they 've had plenty of time to properly shit themselves . Alex , kill the target lock . Copy that . What if they won 't leave ? They 'll leave . Marasmus , you 're to leave the area immediately . Do not change course until you are out of the quarantine zone . If you do not comply you will be fired upon . Understood , rocinante . Thank you . We 'll get under way as soon as possible . Mind the gap . Hey , keep going . I 'll catch up with you . Hey ! We got a job ! Just do what I said . What have we got here ? Who 's this ? Rocinante , we got a body in an airlock down here . What airlock ? The whole station 's completely locked down . It 's an old mech shaft off the catwalk . The airlock 's definitely been hacked . Ah , Jesus . This guy ... He 's got protomolecule all over him ... Looks like he 's been inside . Is there a ship name on his vac-suit ? Marasmus . Alex : They just lit up their drive . They 're pushing off . Holden : Jam their comms and get ' em on tight beam . Rocinante , what 's the problem ? We 're complying with your orders . You lied to me , doctor . You hacked into Eros . We found your dead colleague in the airlock . I told Dr. Kane not to touch it , but he never listens . He tried to get a sample , but it attacked him . Almost like it felt threatened . I 've never seen anything like it . It was everywhere . Holden , they 're changing course , heading back around Eros . They 're trying to use the asteroid to block our jamming . You need to turn your ship around right now and surrender to us . All of you might be infected . We have to be sure . We swore an oath and have a duty to broadcast the truth to the system . Listen to me , doctor , you have no idea what you 're dealing with here . It 's not a disease , it 's obviously some kind of weapon . You martians have been using these belters as Guinea pigs . If any one of you are infected , you could wipe out millions ! Turn your ship around . I promise you 'll not be harmed . We won 't let you silence us to protect your experiment . If you broadcast , people will come here to investigate and we won 't be able to contain it . This is not our experiment , we 're not a military unit . My name is James Holden , I 'm not your enemy . Naomi : We 're out of time . If they get the asteroid between our ships , we lose our jamming signal and they 'll be able to broadcast everything they saw inside Eros . Alex , get a missile lock . Release fire control to me . - Are you serious ? - Just do it ! You got less than a minute . I 'm trying to save your life . I swear to you we want the same thing . Please don 't make me kill you . If we truly want the same things , then you know what you need to do . You got thirty seconds . Amos : Ten seconds . Goddammit ! Miller , you 've got high-speed debris incoming ! Get to cover immediately . Get to cover now ! Shit ! Diogo : Miller , where the hell are you ? Miller : Kid , take cover ! Get out ! Shit . Naomi : Miller ! - Miller , are you okay ? Goddammit ! Stay off this channel ! Diogo ! I got a puncture , i need a hand ! Diogo : Dude , I got problems of my own ! - Use the sealant ... - I 'm leaking air ! In your chest pouch ! Chest pouch ! Chest pouch ! Chest ! Thanks for all your help , kid . Kid ? Big problem , pampaw . What ? Detonator safety got fried . Just , uh , can 't you turn it off ? No . Control panel gone . Gotta keep a finger on the button or timer start . Sixty-second reset . Best we can do . Jesus . Goddammit . This thing blows it could set off all the other bombs before the nauvoo gets here . It 'll screw up the trajectory . This whole thing will be for nothing . So , we dead . We ? Go . Get back to the ship . You better go , before I change my mind and hand this thing back to you . Hey , kid . Go and get laid , will ya ? Pilot : Rocinante , demolition teams are back on board . Guy molinari is underway , making to clear the blast zone . Understood , molinari , we 're doing the same . Miller . Miller , answer me . Are you all right ? You know , i have never been better . Thought we 'd lost you there . Break out the drinks , you earned it . Ha-ha , that sounds awesome . Oh , I really wish I could . But , uh ... I 'm still on Eros . What ? Yeah . The debris field messed up my last bomb . Timer kicked in . I gotta keep my finger on a switch to keep it from going off . So ... Make sure we didn 't come all this way for nothing ' . Give me the bomb 's transponder code . I 'll override it from here . Oh , it wouldn 't do any good . I 'd never make it outta here in time . Then we 're comin ' to get you . Don 't be an idiot . Just make sure the job gets done , then get outta here . Just you and me now . Miller ! Miller , come in ! Miller ! Miller ! He 's dead . Ain 't that fitting . Guys ? What the hell just happened ? The nauvoo just missed ! How the hell did it change course ? What the fuck ? The nauvoo didn 't move .
