 Fred saw what the protomolecule did to Eros . He wants to control it . It 's too dangerous to leave our sample out there anymore . That is too important to destroy right now . Holden : We have to destroy it . It 's done . Naomi : Yeah ... it 's done . Fred : The battle between earth and Mars devastated ganymede station . It 's a humanitarian crisis . Amos : Today there was this boy that looked at me like I was a monster . One each ! - I think I scared his mother . - Leave my mother alone . It made me remember when I was that boy . Somebody hurt your mother . - And then there was Lydia . - Who ? Just someone that looked after me . Fred : I 've got the missiles . Our first priority is to protect ourselves . We could use some help removing the counter-measures . We believe that we have destroyed the threat when we took over protogen station . Belters will never unify under Fred Johnson 's flag . His days on tycho are numbered . Fred : He says there is more protomolecule out there . But Phoebe 's gone . We drove Eros into Venus . - We killed it . - Apparently not all of it . If we are going to reminisce , let 's at least get a drink , huh ? We 'll toast to Fred Johnson 's secret weapon . Holden : Dawes has cortazar , he 's running . Dust off , now ! Naomi : We should wait for backup . Force the airlock . Turn around , you little shit . Mei : Look , daddy ! Hi ! Hi ! Crewman : That all . That all tolowda gonya ge fo now . Mei ... Mei ! I 'm looking for my daughter . Mi looking fo mi dowta Mei , she here ? They na child here , beltalowda . Mei ! Doris : Dr. meng ? Prax ? Prax : Doris ? It 's so nice to see you back on your feet . Where ... It 's okay . Here . Where ... It 's okay . Just sip it . Where are we ? On a freighter . A refugee ship . We 're refugees . I remember ... I saw a mirror falling . There was a battle in orbit . Nobody knows what started it , but one of the mirrors was destroyed . Fragments started falling down . They hit our dome . Luckily , the safety blisters held , it was the only reason that we were able to get out . What happened to Mei ? You were really badly hurt , the doctors had to induce a coma , and I stayed with you . She was at a doctor 's appointment , at the clinic in sector 4 . I 'm so sorry . Half the mirror came down on sector 4 . Mei 's gone . No ... Get out there , you little shit . - Where 's dawes ? - Don 't know . Let me check my pockets . You 're going to tell me everything he said , or I 'm going to break you in two . Dawes is gone , sasa ke ? And the science man , oso . Oye ! Him one with us . What doing here ? Holden : None of your business . Fodagut , bera , stay back . I trusted you , you little shit . I na need your trust , earther no belter do . You na want for fight no more then go back for your real home . Dawes gonna be fist for the belt . Put him in the hole . Staz : Diogo ! Sorry I came up short , hoss . Holden : It 's not your fault . Dawes outplayed us all . You don 't get to tell me who to kill . Drummer : Ninety seconds after the rocinante left , a four-man skiff , registered to the harbormaster 's office on ceres , pushed off from the opposite side of the ring . Dawes ' ship was a diversion . Yeah , no shit . Why wasn 't the skiff locked down ? The clamps were released manually at the berth . So dawes obviously had inside help . What , so that 's it ? They 're just gone ? They turned their transponder off and went dark two minutes later . We lost track ... Who 's in charge of security at this goddamn station ? That would be me . Interesting . Say what you mean . Either you 're doing an incredibly shitty job or you 're no longer in control of the people who work for you . That 's enough . Sir . We 've received priority message for you . It from dawes . In the office . Play it here . Fred Johnson . We have traveled far together , my beratna , but this is where we must part ways . Ever since I found you , broken , looking for redemption under a belter knife , I have tried to teach you the belter way . I have failed . You told us that when you destroyed protogen , the earth corp responsible for killing so many of our brothers and sisters on Eros , that you destroyed all its secrets as well . There was nothing left for us to fear . But instead , you preserved what you could of this terrible new weapon , and took it back to tycho with you , keeping those secrets for yourself , no doubt believing that when the time comes , as it surely must , you and you alone , would decide when to use the weapon to defend the belt . Now , I believe you have the belt ere kori . And we have taken to you as a brother . But this ... This is the earther in you still . We do not want to live under anyone 's boot , Fred Johnson , asilik towchu ! Even a friendly one , afraid that if we disobey , we will have our air cut off , our water rationed , be spaced , or be herded into chambers to be used like animals . This is the way it has been until now . No more . I have stolen your secret , Fred Johnson . And I am giving it to the belt . Doris : It 's a farm barge . They 'd docked and were waiting to take on cargo when the battle broke out . When the earth forces withdrew , the mcrn pushed all of their ships into the relief effort . Get back , que ! He doesn 't seem to enjoy being a good samaritan . There 's no money in ferrying refugees . Or botanists . Do you want to be alone ? No . No . So where are we headed ? We 're rendezvousing with another transport to off-load some of us . Spread out the burden in the belt , I guess . I don 't like the thought of being a burden . To anyone . Woman : That 's mine . Do you have any idea what you 're going to do now ? I don 't know . I was born and raised on ganymede . Everything I had was there . There 's no point in going back now . It 'll take them years to rebuild the station . Forgive me for saying so , but I don 't think you 're cut out for that kind of work . It 's okay . It 's an accurate assessment . I 'm going back to Mars . I still have some family there . The terraforming project could always use more agri-techs . I know that you need time to grieve , and it 's too hard to think about the future now . But you could come with me . We could start over together . We have backups for everything cortazar was working on . The data cores will erase themselves if they 're tampered with . We know a lot more than dawes . And how long is that gonna last ? The protomolecule was talking to him . Naomi : What does that mean ? Fred : The same way Eros was " talking " . Cortazar was scanning the system for signals like that . He found one . Where ? Fred : He was still trying to figure it out . He only heard it once , after Eros burned up . You didn 't mention any of this . There wasn 't any time . We need to find the source of that shout before cortazar leads dawes to it . Cortazar must 've been using the station 's antennae for his scan . If you give me access the antenna control logs , I might be able to figure out where he was looking . We made sure that cortazar wasn 't leaving any traces of his work in tycho 's normal logs . But if we go outside and hook into the antennae directly , we might be able to get what you need . I can help you with that . I 'll grab my gear . Hey . What ? I 'm sorry I didn 't tell you there was more of it out there . Why didn 't you ? Because I knew how you 'd feel . And I didn 't want to argue about it . Gotta go . I 've got work to do . Alex : Hey , Amos ! Amos ! Amos ! Hey , hey , where 've you been ? Different places . Yeah ? Well , you missed all the action . I had my share . Okay , listen , I got me a whole bunch of busted-up hand terminals that I gotta get operational for the refugees and I could really use some help . So ... You gonna give me a hand ? No . No ? Dawes : This is the earther in you still . We do not want to live under anyone 's boot , Fred Johnson , asilik towchu ! Even a friendly one , afraid that if we disobey , we will have our air cut off , our water rationed , be spaced , or be herded into chambers to be used like animals . This is the way it has been until now . No more . I have stolen your secret , Fred Johnson . And I am giving it to the belt . Okay . Now the time . Other ship come , take you load for earth , for Mars . They take you , okay ? All inners , you all go for earth , for Mars , you come , sasa ke ? Other ship dock with us . Good ship , help ganymede . Take care of yourself . You , too . Crewman : Come on . Get up ! All inners , this way . Time to go . Inners only . Good ship gonna take you home , yeah ? Come , come . You know we 'll be competing for the same job , right ? You , na . I 'm going to Mars . You na duster , beratna . No , I 'm going with my friend . We 're traveling together . Inners only . - I guess I could stay . - Prax : No , no , it 's okay . I 'll join you as soon as I can . Come , come , no time for waste . Doris ! Must cut thrust for other ship to dock , okay ? So hold , ready for zero-g , now we go . Inners wreck ganymede . Belter life first from now on . You lucky , beltalowda . Naomi : Wowo , gut , go lenta ... We should be coming up on it any moment . Drummer : Taki fo da gut ... If this is what you used to do for a living , then , you must have led a boring life . Unfortunately not . This is the last antenna cortazar was using . Naomi : With this , we should have enough data for a decent triangulation on cortazar 's shout . You don 't seem eager for the answer . Does it make you happy to know there 's more of that stuff out there ? If it is , it is . It 's better to know . Tell me . Did Fred ever do you wrong ? I suppose not . Then why don 't you trust him ? What 's he going with do to that kid who helped dawes ? That kid is a traitor and he deserves to be spaced . I didn 't ask what you would do . If Fred believes we need to make an example of that stupid child , he will . Fred serves the best interests of the belt . Dawes seems to think differently . Dawes ... He 's always had a unique way of seeing the world . Do you know him ? I used to work for him . So how 'd you end up here ? Torrent downloaded from RARBG I was with dawes when he found Fred in a bar on ceres . Drunk . Lost . An earther outcast , still reeking with the blood of the belters he slaughtered on Anderson station . Fred was looking for death . He would 've welcomed it . But dawes spoke to him and showed him a different path . Must 've been quite the conversation . It was more than talk ... You found what cortazar found ? Fred : You got something ? The shout came from ganymede . There 's protomolecule on ganymede station . Naomi : There 's no mistaking the data . This protomolecule shout occurred right around the same time earth and Mars started shooting at each other over ganymede station . And it 's hard to believe that 's a coincidence . We know that the protomolecule learns , that it keeps on changing . Which means ganymede could be worse than Eros . Fred : Even if it is ... Holden : Then we go there , find it and shut it down . How do you propose to do that ? The martian fleet has ganymede cordoned off . We 'll find a way . Sure , we can go in blind again , guns blazing . Maybe we can steal another ship to smash into it . We did that already and look where it got us , right back where we started . Look , the protomolecule is out in the world now , we just have to accept that . And figure out how to deal with it . Hmm . Naomi . Jim ... Jim ! I know you feel like we failed ... As long as we 're living and breathing there 's more we can do . We just have to be strong enough . Jefferson mays , you are clear to dock at berth 14 . Please note that all refugees will be subject to ID and med-check immediately upon debark . Tycho t.C. Out . Man : All new arrivals must register their ID with station authorities , and will be restricted to the designated areas until they have received medical clearance . Welcome to tycho station . All new arrivals must register their ID with station authorities , and will be restricted to the designated areas until they have received medical clearance . - I need help . - Excuse me ? I need help . - Are you sick ? - No , no . It 's a crime . I need to report a crime . Okay , what happened ? The ship I came in on , the crew . They threw a bunch of people out an airlock . Everyone from earth and Mars . They said they were going to take them home but they threw them out the airlock . What ship were you on ? I don 't know . Okay . Can you give me a name ? The person who did it ? - No , I don 't know . - Was there anybody else - with you who could ... - She 's dead ! Look , you 've got to do something , please ! You 've got to arrest them , please ! I 'm sorry , I really am . What happened out there is a crime . It should be punished . But there 's nothing I can do about it right now . Look ... You made it here . You 're alive . Hold on to that . Get some food , grab some mat space and rest . There 's other people from ganymede here , maybe there 's somebody you know . Hey , bro , here you go . That 's for you . Man : Welcome to tycho station . All new arrivals must register their ID with station authorities , and will be restricted to the designated areas until they have received medical clearance . Cortazar 's history ended the day he began working on the protomolecule project . But before that , he was working for protogen . So let 's see if we can connect anyone on ganymede to protogen . Right . Check the personnel directories on ganymede station . Show us anyone with protogen in their employment history . Looks like protogen had a few biotech contracts , but not a lot of personnel . Who here was on ganymede when the battle broke out ? Okay , now just ones with advanced degrees , in genetics , biology , nanoinformatics ... Dr. Lawrence strickland . Degrees in all three . It can 't be this easy . Naomi : There 's no reason for him to hide . He was working in a clinic as a pediatrician ? Is he on ganymede now ? Check the photos . Who are the people with him and where are they now ? Including the lot from the last barge , we now have nearly 3,500 refugees from ganymede aboard . And tycho wasn 't built to handle anything like that . I know . Drummer : Our resources are being strained as it is . Fred : We 're not going to turn anyone away . I want you to draw up a station-wide ration plan . Drummer : That will not go over well . It 's the safest way . Drummer : We have to consider relocation options . Ceres station . Fred : You want me to go begging to dawes ? Drummer : Don 't let your pride get in the way . Put it down ! Put it down ! No one else needs to die . What do you want ? We want the missile , bossman . All them earther missile . If you not gonna use them , we will . I 'm sorry . Man : Welcome to tycho station . All new arrivals must register their ID with station authorities , and will be restricted to the designated areas ... Hey ! You 're praxideke meng ! - Refugee : What 's going on ? - Station business . Back off . Settle down ! Settle down , you 're gonna get hurt . Okay ? Okay ? I won 't say anything . I promise I won 't say anything to anyone . Just please don 't hurt me . We 're not going to hurt you . But you do need to answer some questions . Do you understand ? What do you know about Dr. Lawrence strickland ? He 's my daughter 's pediatrician . That 's it ? He helps me with my research , sometimes . He 's a very gifted geneticist . It 's just a soybean . I 'm a botanist . Black sky leader : Go ! Move , move ! Move ! I find the missile bay . I can force open the door , but I need code for launch . Do what you do for getting done ! We put our lifes on the line for you . And you keep throwing away everything we get . We waste our blood , beratna ! Give us the codes . No . Black sky leader : Shut up ! Shut up or you next ! People have died for me before , and by my hand as well . You may as well put the next one in me . You owe this earther nothing , nada . You can launch them missiles , too , mi pensa , huh ? Show us . Join us . I work for Fred . Maybe not for long though . Give us the codes . Then maybe she live long enough for see doctor . Seriously ? You know what your problem is ? I 'd like to . I 'm gonna tell you . Your problem is the only person you give a shit about is yourself . Isn 't that most people 's problems ? If they 're being honest ? There 's a lot of people coming aboard this station right now , Amos , and they need our help . - So why don 't you help them . - I am . What I 'm trying to figure out is why you won 't . 'Cause as far as I can tell , you got nothing better to do . 'Cause I don 't feel like it , Alex . You don 't feel like it . Really ? That 's your answer , " you don 't feel like it ? " That 's not good enough , Amos . That 's not good enough . We help each other . That 's what people do . We help . That 's why we have a civilization . So then why don 't you help your family . What ? They 're right there on Mars , where you left them . Goddamn you . You 're gonna throw that in my face ? Oh , Jesus ! Amos ! Amos ! Amos : I don 't want to fight you , Alex . Please don 't make me . 'Cause if we do , who 's going to fly the ship ? What happened to you ? Do you hear that beeping too ? Yeah . Alex : Looks like Naomi 's been monitoring one of the hangar bays where Fred Johnson stashed all the nukes . Why would she do that ? She 's smart . Alex : Hey , someone 's trying to access the missile controls . Holy shit . Looks like they 're preparing to launch . I don 't remember any project Dr. strickland was involved in . He was my daughter 's pediatrician , that 's it . When was the last time you saw him ? A few hours before my dome was hit . My daughter , Mei , was with him . She had an appointment at the clinic . I had some work to do , so I couldn 't go with her . When the mirror fell , the clinic was wiped out . I should 've gone with her . Unless he 's a phenomenal liar , I don 't think he has anything to do with the protomolecule . It 's not him . Strickland turned up on ganymede as a pediatrician . The connection is the daughter . Corporate clinics are legally required to let parents remotely monitor their children from anywhere , right ? You have children of your own . No . Could you please show us whatever you can of Mei ? Strickland took her out of the clinic . Naomi : This is nearly an hour before the mirror fell . Your daughter might still be alive . He knew a battle was coming . And he went back for the girl . You 're going to ganymede to find Dr. strickland ? Please take me with you . Alex , I 'm busy . Alex : Look , whatever the hell you 're doing , it can wait . We got a serious goddamn problem here . You can 't hack the launch codes , que . I can try . Those missiles won 't do you any good . We gonya do same as you . Give ' em right back for earth . Earth is not defenseless . They 'll shoot ' em down . Staz : Ah , maybe not all . And then they 'll destroy tycho . And if they do ? Just more oxygen for the fire of the great belter revolution . Holden : Amos , Naomi just bypassed the air quality sensors and she 's maxing out the co2 scrubbers . How close are you to the cutoff ? Amos : Almost there . Holden : Nitrogen levels are going through the roof . Kill the oxygen , now ! Almost there ! Staz : You messing with the air ? Guard : Down ! Move ! Move ! Get down on the ground ! - Down ! - Get that gun ! Holden : Medic ! Medic ! Get over here ! Fred : Drummer first . Alex : It 's under control . All right , darlin ' . Okay , let 's get you to med bay . That 's it , one step at a time . Okay . This is the head , plus a shower . In here , there 's clean clothes . Magboots . Keep them on . Takes a little bit of practice to get used to them . Use this if you need something , or you want to leave the cabin . So you 're locking me in ? Is this how you treat all your guests ? Amos : You 're not a guest . You 're a guide . Naomi said that you 're coming with us to find your little girl ? It 's a good reason . I need to ask you something . Fred told you there was more protomolecule out there . But you found cortazar missing after that . - Why did you go ... - I went there to kill him . I 'll do whatever it takes to prevent another Eros , or worse . You 're not an executioner . You defended Miller when he killed dresden . How is this any different ? It 's different because it 's you . You 're not a murderer . That 's not the James Holden i know and love . I need you to remind me ... Of who I am so I can come back . I love you , too . I 'll love you through it all . I promise . No more secrets . Alex : Hoss , hoss , hoss , you there ? God ! What ? Tycho t.C. Refuses to release the clamps until Fred Johnson gives his personal authorization . And he 's not . All right , I 'm on it . Fred : I don 't have to let you leave , you know . With all the time and repairs i put into this ship , it 's arguably more mine than yours . Holden : We just saved your life . Call it even . I know we 've had our differences . But if you find the protomolecule on ganymede station ... I sure as hell ain 't gonna bring it back to you . Then don 't bother to come back here at all . You will no longer be welcome on tycho station . No free food , fuel , or repairs , and no safe harbor for you or your people . You still think you 're going to be in charge when I get back ? You said it yourself . The game has changed , whether any of us like it or not . I really am sorry . But you 're just not a part of it anymore . You 're free to go .
