 I don 't want to forgive anyone . They are going to pay . Previously on Cleverman . - Get your hands off of me . - Harry , let her go ! - It is alive ? - Very much so . You destroyed us ... Jesus , I come in peace . Here you see a Hairy male before treatment . I believe the results speak for themselves . Look like you 've seen a ghost . - ( Water Trickling ) - ( Fire Crackling ) ♪ ( Ca Radio Chirps ) Hairy ! ( All Shouting ) GUARD : Hands on your head ! - Stop it ! - Come up ! You must submit to the CA ! Hands on your head ! ( Man Singing In Native Language ) ♪ Take the head and the body will follow ♪ ♪ Take the head ♪ ♪ Take the head and the body will follow ♪ ♪ Take the head ♪ ♪ Take me home ♪ ♪ Take me home . ♪ ( Footsteps Approaching ) - Hey , hey , hey , - What happened ? It 's okay , it 's okay , you 're fine . You 're fine . Baby 's fine . Have you run any tests ? Nobody 's run anything . I checked your vitals and hid you away in here . Kept everybody else at arm 's length ... including your husband . I can 't go home . Well , there 's no rush . No , I mean I can 't go home . It 's not safe . ( Phone Buzzing ) Charlotte , can we talk ? Give me a chance to apologize . I hate arguing with you . ♪ Are we ready to go if we need to ? We 're prepped for fetal extraction . And this group is being set up to mimic a subhuman womb . The fetus will continue to develop normally ? Exactly as if it were in a healthy mother . No danger to the mother with this procedure ? Any surgical intervention carries a certain risk , but the risk is not significantly greater here . - ( Beeping ) - Excellent . ♪ ( High-Pitched Ringing ) ( Groaning ) Ah , you hear that , boy ? It 's killing me . Means the past is reaching out to you , trying to show you something . - It 's tied to this land , boy ... - ( Grunting ) and connecting to it will make you stronger . Could you tell the past to be a little bit quieter ? It 'll stop when you 're strong enough to go home , boy . ( Ringing Continues ) ( Distant Horn Honks ) ( Distant Chatter ) ( Machines Beeping ) Drink . Now , drink this . You 'll get a warm , tingly feeling in your mouth , but it 'll go away soon . Okay . Thank you . Hello , Aunty . Now , you don 't mind if we film , eh ? Of course , dear . Is it just you today or is your family here ? Just me . You from around here ? My people have always lived on this land . Moved out west when the boats came . Your mob stayed out there ? Most of them . Can 't be jumping around , hiding all the time . Too old for that these days . - 21 is not that old . - ( Chuckles ) Smooth-talker , aren 't you ? Are you comfortable with the procedure ? Yes . They said the blue stuff goes in and the green comes out . Sounds simple enough . Simpler than what 's going on out there . You must 've seen a lot in your time . The thing I remember the most ... was this little human girl . My family told me never to make contact with the humans . But I used to watch them whenever I got the chance . She had long , curly hair . She was wearing the most beautiful dress . That dress was the whitest thing you 've ever seen . And it had a blue ribbon wrapped around her like a belt . Well , you don 't see much of those dresses anymore , Aunty . ( Speaking Native Language ) - ( Chatter ) ♪ ( Chatter Continues ) - ( Boy Shouting ) - ( Speaking Native Language ) ( Growls ) ( Birds Chirping ) ( Speaking Native Language ) ( Grunts ) ( High-Pitched Ringing ) ( Groans ) ( Man Speaking Native Language ) ( Native Language Continues ) ( Native Language Continues ) ( Growls ) ( Grunting ) ( Speaks Native Language ) ( Grunting ) ( High-Pitched Ringing ) ( Grunts , Groans ) ( Grunts ) ( High-Pitched Ringing ) ( Murmuring ) Drink up . - Can I ? - Come on . ( Metal Clanging ) ( Water Pouring ) ( Footsteps Approaching ) Hey , what do you think you 're doing ? I 'm thirsty . - What ? - I 'm thirsty . Hey . She 's already had water today . She 'll learn the rules . Just because Koen wants her here doesn 't mean she gets special privileges . Watch yourself . My boy 's just looking after people . Come on , girl . Come with me . You happy crashing with this mob ? Yeah . I saw your son at the warehouse . The blue light thing coming from his chest , smashing through steel like it was nothing . Can you do it , too ? What are you looking at ? Something 's happened . Yeah , no kidding . Everything 's gone to shit . Genocide is what 's happening , and my husband 's in the middle of it . Maybe he doesn 't have a choice . There 's always a choice . Why are you helping us ? Because you 're decent people . And Latani ? She 's just like anybody else as far as I can see . Very few people see Hairies that way . Well , most have never met one , at least that they knew was a Hairy . I mean , that 's why the government 's been so successful in stirring things up . Nerida , there are some decent people in this city , - and there is hope in that . - We need way more than hope . Yeah . But it only takes one person to show others there 's something worth being happy about . ♪ ( Monitor Chirping ) ( Nulla Nulla Creaking ) ( Machines Beeping ) ( Soft Music Playing ) MAN : From Mr. West . Okay , no smiling for the photo . This is for your ID . Come on , no smile and we 'll all be done . Okay , good . - Hold it . - ( Shutter Clicks ) Congratulations . Bye-bye , Yani , and hello to Gwen . It 's a beautiful name they 've chosen for you . My name is Gwen . ( Laughs ) ( Panting ) Trev , make sure you unpack that other truck . And mop the floors when you 're done . ( Pants , Grunts ) MAN : Put your back into it , Trev . ( Men Snickering ) ( Grunting ) ( Men Chattering ) - MANAGER : Come on , Trev , today ! - ( Men Chuckle ) ♪ ( Ca Radio Chirping ) - FEMALE VOICE : Confirm ID . - ( Chirping ) - ID confirmed . - DIAZ : Fingerprint andhand recognition standing . This is Trevor . Would you mind having a couple of words with us ? We were hoping that you might be able to tell us how it 's been settling into Bennelong House . Are you on your way home from work ? - BOONDEE : Excuse me . - ( Door Opens ) ( Door Closes ) ( Sighs ) ♪ So , before this city went to hell , what did you do for work ? ( Scoffs ) What do you do ? A security guard . - Pretend policeman . - I was once . - And that 's it ? - Now I do security . ( Chuckles ) So , you left the police force because ... ? Well , when all the new security measures were brought in by the government , hundreds of police were redeployed whether we liked it or not . If we objected , we lost all our entitlements and any other chance of government work . I got security . ( Chuckles ) AUNTY LINDA : Come on , then , I 'm gonna beat your Hairy ass . DIAZ : From here to their various places of work . - That your bishop ? - Yeah . Could 've sworn it was your knight before . You gonna argue with an old lady ? ( Chuckles ) ( News Report Continues ) And this is Trevor . Would you mind having a few of words with us , Trevor ? Can you tell us how it feels now to be a human ? ♪ Trevor , can we have a look at your place ? ( Continues Indistinctly ) - ( Beeps ) - Excuse me . Observe the same customs , and join in the hopes , beliefs , and loyalties that are the very things that make us human and set us apart from the animals . ( Araluen Crying ) ( Crickets Chirping ) ( Distant Dog Barks ) ♪ I 'll tell you two good things about the curfew . What 's that ? The city 's dead quiet . No cars , no sirens . Nothing . ( Chuckles ) The second thing is ... all the city lights are out , so you can finally see the stars . Makes me feel like I 'm back on country . You see that big emu up there ? It 's there , running full pelt . All I see is the Milky Way and the Southern Cross . You 've gotta look at the dark clouds , not the stars . ( Chuckles ) All I see is stars . ♪ ( Bats Screeching ) You 're powerful , boy . Doesn 't feel like it . Don 't have accuracy when I use the blue blast thing . It 's not a weapon . It works like a weapon . It 's a power not to be messed with , boy . Anyone who 's caught in its blast can no longer move on from this life . So , what , they become immortal ? Opposite . They lose their essence . ( Speaking Native Language ) - Their soul ? - ( Speaking Native Language ) Once they die , that 's it . They can 't join their ancestors , they don 't move on . They simply cease to exist . So , there 's no trace of them left ? They 've been obliterated ? - Slade ? - Mm . What 's the point in having this gift if you can 't use it the way you need to ? Stop forcing things . Allow the powers to come through . ♪ - You can 't go out there . - I 'm going to Bennelong House . The place will be swarming with security . You won 't get anywhere near your husband . - I 'm going . - I know Waruu . He knows your people . He 'll make it impossible . How do you know that ? - He 's my son . - Koen and Waruu ? I 'm sorry . Does that make you feel better ? It doesn 't help me at all . I 'm just letting you know what you 're up against . I know what I 'm up against . Ignorance , fear , hatred . There 's none of that here . And you need to remember who you 're talking to . Yes ... the mother who shaped those two sons . I 'm not proud . You 're human . You can drive me to Bennelong House . - ( Scoffs ) I can 't . - You owe me . I am not my son . Take me to Bennelong House ! AUDIE : I 'll do it . Why should I trust you ? Because I 'm the only one in this place who has valid ID . - I 'm glad we could help . - It 's very impressive . - I 'm a fast learner , Minister . - Don 't be so modest . Ever since the announcement , we 've had a large number of Hairies come forward for the Initiative . Well , you 're making us both look good . I 'd call that a win-win , wouldn 't you ? That 's exactly what I 'd call it . Well , there 's been some pushback , of course . People worry that we 're exacerbating the problem by making Hairies practically invisible . We 're making them practically human , negating the threat . Subhumans were merely a myth a year ago . ( Beeping ) - ( Grunting ) - What else is out there ? - ( Grunting Continues ) - KOEN 'S VOICE : Hey ! Get away with him ! This is footage of an attack on some civilians a few days ago . ( Shouts ) FRITH : I need to know who or what that is . Waruu ? Waruu ? Absolutely , Minister . I 'll get right onto it . ♪ ( Grunts ) UNCLE JIMMY 'S VOICE : " Two hunters would travel far from the camp to collect food for their family . " ( Bats Screeching ) " The older hunter would always bring more back . This was because he had a special boomerang . His was much faster and would never miss . The younger hunter asked the old people where he could get a boomerang like this . " " The old people told him of a special tree , so the younger hunter headed out to cut himself a stronger and much larger boomerang . But the younger hunter did not notice that the tree 's blood ran hot and poured like lava . It was the blood that made the older hunter 's boomerang so powerful . It would cut through his prey , killing them instantly . " ♪ Araluen , wait ! It 's not ... ( Grunts ) ( Ca Radio Chatter ) ♪ ( Door Closes ) HENDRICKS : I haven 't seen you in such a good mood in ages . You got laid , didn 't you ? All right , just pull up over here , okay ? We 've got sections 95 , 96 , and 97 to do today . Come on , focus . ( Engine Turns Off ) ( Ca Radio Chatter ) So , where did you guys meet ? I said legit , man , you gotta drop it . - You are giving me nothing . - Yeah . And it will remain that way . Hey , heads up . Hendricks . - Mm , in trouble ? - ( Car Door Closes ) Sir ? ( Grunting ) Now , what you do in your own time is up to you . I 'm interested in the guy in the hoodie . Him , I don 't know . He was just there with a Subbie . Drives a red minivan , had a woman with him . Last numbers on the plate were something like 971 . So , where 's your boyfriend ? You don 't know anything about him . Alinta . ♪ Mum ! What are you doing ? He 's CA . Grab your stuff . ( Screeching ) UNCLE JIMMY : Culture is difficult to control , and being a Cleverman forces you to be consumed by it . How 's that ? Ah , you listen to the voices in your head . Some people think that you 're crazy . The more they say it , the more you believe it , and you find yourself in a dark place where no words can help you . If you couldn 't handle everything , what makes you think I can ? Well , you 've been dealing with this your whole life ... people talking about you , putting you down , " the whore 's child . " But it 's molded you , shaped you for this role . You 're ready for this . ( High-Pitched Ringing ) ♪ - ( Voices Whispering ) - ( Inhales , Grunts ) ( Exhales ) ( Chuckles ) ( Both Grunting ) - ( Trills ) - ( Shouts ) - ( Trills ) - ( Grunts ) ( Trills , Roars ) ♪ ( Voices Whispering ) ( Grunts ) ( Whispering Continues ) - ( Scanner Beeps ) - FEMALE VOICE : ID confirmed . ( Door Opens ) ( Door Closes ) Boondee . ♪ ( Speaking Native Language ) - It 's still me . I thought I 'd never see you again . I 'm here to take you home . There is no home . Latani and Djukara ? Djukara . ( Gasps ) Oh , my boy . ( Exhales ) Oh , I told him ... I told him to be calm . Shh . - ( Sighs ) - Latani . There 's Latani . We need to find her . But you 're safe ? When you look like me ... the CA don 't shoot . They prefer to pretend that I 'm not here . You are here . ( Phone Ringing ) ( Footsteps Approaching ) If you give me your keys and a list of things you need , I 'm happy to go get them . I can 't ask you to do that . It 's fine . I better go . You 're really scared of him , aren 't you ? What 's happened ? I can 't say . Might make you less scared if you talk about it . ♪ ( Alarm Chirps ) ( Engine Starts ) ( Tires Screeching ) ( Fire Crackling ) ♪ ♪ ( Crying ) ( Engine Turns Off ) ♪ - ( Light Switch Clicks ) - ( Gasps ) ( Footsteps Approaching ) SLADE : Why are you sitting here in the dark ? Are you all right ? Not really . What can I get you ? My DNA comes up as positive for subhuman . Why is that ? My darling , we 're having a baby , just like we dreamed of . Oh , my God . It 's gonna be the healthiest child that 's ever been born . You did this ? - For us , I did it for us . - Don 't touch me ! Look , I know this is a shock , but once you ... You implanted something in me without my knowledge , something not human . And that clinic , the doctors ? How many people , Jarrod ? How many people know what I 'm carrying ? No one else knows , just you , me , and our doctor . - You can trust him , I promise you . - Trust ? You did this to your wife ! So that we can raise our child together . We can be an example to those that come after . When were you gonna tell me ? - What , after it was born ? - I wanted to tell you , believe me , but you were so happy . I ... I didn 't want to confuse you . I didn 't know how you 'd react . Can I carry this baby safely to term ? How long is the term ? Do you know ? Do you know any of that ? Or is it just cross your fingers and hope for the best ? And you say that you love me ! I wouldn 't do this unless I was sure it was safe . - I 'd never hurt you . - You 're experimenting on me ! ( Sobs ) You 're risking my life ! You 'll be safe , I promise you . All right , show me , then . What ? I said show me . I wanna see everything . ♪ ( Alarm Chirps ) ( Heavy Breathing ) ( Grunting ) ( Gasps ) ( Grunting ) - Jarrod ! - ( Jarli Shouts ) ( Grunts ) ( Gasps ) Oh , my God ! ( Screams ) - ( Grunting ) - No ! No , please ! ( Screaming ) No , no ! - ( Screams ) - ( Growls ) No , don 't kill me ! I 'm pregnant ! Please don 't hurt me ! My child 's a Hairy ! Please ! ♪ ( High-Pitched Ringing ) - ( Volume Increases ) - ( Groans ) ( Gasping ) ( Voices Whispering ) ( Grunts ) ( Panting ) ( Exhales ) Mum ? ( Crying ) You can 't fix the situation . It 's happened . Learn from it . ♪ ( Engine Turns Off ) ( Alarm Chirps ) ( Scanner Beeps ) You knew , didn 't you ? - Take it easy . - Did she kill them ? Answer me ! Did Linda kill my parents ? Yeah , she did . Well done , little brother . You finally figured it out . Linda 's never been the woman you thought she was . She 's cold-blooded . She knew exactly what she was doing when she rammed their car . She was after you , too . The unborn child of the woman sleeping with her husband . Sheer luck you 're still here . It 's curfew . I 'm getting a drink . You lied to me all my life . I know why you came here . Do you ? There 's only one person in the world who knows how you feel right now ... me . We 're brothers . Nothing changes that . Is that why you sold me to Slade ? And then abandoned your family ... all of us ... to the CA ? Nerida , ' Linta . Why 'd you do it ? I was lost . Made a mistake . ( Scoffs ) Look at this place . ( Grunting , Panting ) - No ! - ( Both Grunting ) ( Choking , Gasping ) ( Wheezing ) ( Grunts , Gasps ) - ( Sap Sizzling ) - ( Gasping ) This is my place . My place .
