 NOLAN : Previously on Defiance ... May I ask what business you have in Defiance ? I 'm going to kill all the humans and burn the disgusting place to the ground . You and your wife will act as my saboteurs , destroying Defiance from within . My mom and dad , they 're working as spies for the V.C. ( BOTH GRUNTING ) Go ! Go ! AMANDA : Datak Tarr , you 've been found guilty of high treason . You are sentenced to die . This town will turn on us if they learn you 're protecting a spy . You 're more trouble than you 're worth . ( GASPING ) ( WHIMPERS ) We might just have the beginnings of a strike force . We 'll take the battle to Rahm Tak and catch him with his pants down . Why is the Amazing Goddess not fighting by their sides ? My daughter is not capable of picking up a weapon . I have to go back . No . Not today . RAHM : The end game is coming , my friends . In a few days we will ride into Defiance . Our Indogene Lieutenant Bebe has assumed a human face and has tunneled in beneath the stasis nets . ( YOUNG DATAK SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) My name is Datak Tarr . My name is Datak Tarr . ... and I have come to kill you . Frightened ? You should be . You will show me respect ! " A fool who takes up arms only threatens himself . " This is not a toy . ( KNIFE RETRACTS ) ( SIGHS ) I want a blade of my own . Charge blades are for men , not children . Datak , my son you have not earned a man 's weapon . Ripped By mstoll ( CLATTERING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) ( GRUNTS ) Isn 't that Rahm 's spy ? BEBE : So it is . Too bad it had to end like this . Come on . The targets have entered the NeedWant . Is the sphere online ? Fully operational . Well , let 's do this . Well , he was brave in the end . Datak Tarr ? ( SCOFFS ) Yeah , well , he chose to suffer on the rack . To atone . I hope it works for him . I hope it makes him right with his god . I hope his god shoves a giant lightning bolt up his ass . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm not saying I forgive him . I 'm just saying that he was brave . Braver than his wife . Braver than Berlin ? ( SIGHS ) I don 't want to talk about her . You two got pretty close while I was gone . I just expected more from her . When the E-Rep fell apart she was lost . I gave her a badge . I let her into my life . I treated her like a sister . Well , that was your first mistake . Kenya would have never run . ( PANICKED YELLING ) ( GUNSHOTS ) ( GUN FIRING ) ( GRUNTING ) CASTITHAN ASSASSIN : Drop the weapon , Lawkeeper . Eject the mag and slide the gun over ! They 're gonna kill us anyway . Just shoot him . Shoot through me if you have to ! They 're wearing body armor . Wouldn 't work . ( GRUNTS ) Votans , stay in the back . Humans , on your knees , behind the bar , fingers interlaced behind your head . Move ! Faster ! We have an important message for you all . ( DEVICE WHIRRING ) People of Defiance , as you no doubt know I am General Rahm Tak of the Votanis Collective . Sorry about the mess , but I need Mayor Amanda to understand that I am serious . Do you understand that I 'm serious ? Can you see me ? Age of miracles , huh ? I have a proposition for you , Amanda , and I wish to make it in front of witnesses . The war is over . The humans lost . The Butcher of Yosemite lost . My demands are simple , drop the stasis nets , let me in . In return , I will allow the humans safe passage to find a new home . You 're lying . If I drop the nets and send the humans through Bissel Pass , you will pick them off like a turkey shoot . Oh , I would love nothing more than to get all the pink-meats into one spot , and ... ( IMITATING GUNSHOTS ) But I won 't . Why not ? Because I 'm a rational man . A bloodless coup protects the lives of my soldiers and keeps you from setting this town on fire to spite me . You plan to live here ? It 's the perfect home base with the perfect security measures . After you 've left I will turn Defiance Valley into a training camp where no one will dare oppose me . If the price of that is setting some humans free , then so be it . Half of you will die in the Badlands without me lifting a finger . So , it 's either that or the humans die , one by one . ( HOSTAGES GASPING ) So what do you say ? It 's the best deal you 're gonna get . We will fight you to the bitter end . We may not win , but we will make your victory an unbelievably costly one . I just hope you have the balls to show up , so I can shoot them off . ( LAUGHING ) Funny joke . Shoot the hostages . No ! ( HOSTAGES SCREAMING ) Shoot him ! ( BOTH SIGHING ) Nice shootin ' , Tex . ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) ( ECHOING ) Kindzi ? Are you here ? We both know your father showed poor judgment by strangling you . That much is clear . ( GASPS ) I 'd love the opportunity to ask him to apologize . I 'd like to apologize as well . ( GASPING ) How did they get through the stasis nets ? No idea . But we have to be better . Hey , Tex . You 're good in a fight . Thanks . Got a name ? Christopher Beckman . Appreciate the assist . Where you from ? I 'm just heading south looking for mercenary work . I ran security for an APS transport , smuggling cargo across the Shipton Desert . That 's a rough haul . It 's not for the faint of heart , I can tell you that . Look , ( SIGHS ) I 'm just gonna come out and say this , I know this isn 't your fight , but ... You don 't have to convince me . What happened here , it was wrong . These people deserve justice . You can count me in . Thank you . Alak ! Get the militia together . Get ' em gathered in Darby Square in the next 20 minutes . We 're goin ' huntin ' . Come on , kid . ( SNAPS FINGERS ) Let 's get movin ' . Yeah . Right . I 'm sorry . Show Beckman around . Make sure he 's geared up . Hey , yeah . I 'm Alak . Beckman . Have we met before ? Not that I know of . But ... I guess us humans all look alike to you , huh ? No , um , that 's not what I meant . Relax , kid . I 'm just having fun . Oh . Let 's go meet this militia of yours . I heard . What do you want to do ? I wanna fight . I have to . And what if you panic , freeze up again ? I won 't . I should have killed Rahm when I had a chance . It would have changed everything . Look , about that ... ( SIGHS ) I think I rode you pretty hard . I never took into account your feelings about New York . And Tommy . I guess what I 'm trying to say is that as a father I 've had better moments . Did you actually just apologize ? Let 's just put it down to me getting soft in my old age . Militia 's assembling in Darby Square . Why don 't you get your ass down there and report . And , kiddo . You didn 't give up . I 'm proud of you . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) Citizens of Defiance , as you 've probably heard , this morning our town was attacked by V.C. terrorists . Both gunmen were killed . Tragically , so were 10 innocent citizens . People you may know . Friends , parents , siblings , spouses . We don 't know how the gunmen entered our town . NOLAN : Let 's go . Or how many are currently hiding among us . At this moment , Lawkeeper Nolan is organizing a manhunt to identify and neutralize the Votanis Collective infiltrators . Citizens , guard ... We 're not really open . Sir . I 'm hungry . The V.C. shot up the NeedWant . Our way of life ... Pancakes , I think . With fruit . ... is at risk of being destroyed . As the Lawkeepers militia is searching for these criminals , I need the streets clear . ( WHISPERS ) It 'll be okay . I am issuing a mandatory lockdown for the entire town . If you are home , please stay there . If you are out , you need to get yourself to the nearest building and stay indoors until I announce that it 's safe to venture outside again . This is for your own protection . It will ensure that you are not hit by friendly fire and will aid our militia in seizing our enemies . ( DOOR BANGS ) MAN : No ! No ! Shots came from that way . You , with me . Let 's go . Came from Cotter Street . You two , go . ( GASPS ) ( LUKAZZ CHUCKLES ) ( SPEAKING IRATHIENT ) Too stupid to live . You lack honor . ( GROWLS ) Are you gonna kill us ? No . But the stories . ( SNIFFLING ) Old stories . You 're safe now . ( VOICE BREAKING ) Thank you , Omec . You saved my children . You did that with your teeth ? I had no other weapon . You did good here . You could do more . I told you already . We need you . This is not my fight . ( SIGHING ) Kindzi ? ( BREATHING SHAKILY ) ( SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) Enchanters . ( GASPING ) This is our family . I wanted you to see them . Once we have re-powered our ship , we will wake them up . Do you wanna know what will happen after that ? We will conquer the Earth and enslave you all . Do with you what we wish . Feed upon your delicate flesh in a glorious Dread Harvest . Why are you telling me all of this ? Now that you know our secrets , my father will be forced to kill you . ( PERCUSSIVE MOUTH SOUND ) ( GRUNTS ) What did she see ? ( SPEAKING KINUK 'AAZ ) I showed her everything , father . She knows our family sleeps above . She knows of our plans for conquest . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) Is it true ? ( KINDZI SPEAKING KINUK 'AAZ ) If you free her she will tell the town what she knows . I have lost one home planet , and I will be thrice-damned before I lose another ! ( KINDZI SPEAKING KINUK 'AAZ ) If you let her live ... Is it true ? ... she will ruin our plans . For a time I intended to take this planet and claim it for our people . And now ? I have seen many things in Defiance and its people . Things that I admire . Our path has changed to one of inclusion . ( SPITS ) You betray our family . She is dangerous . Kindzi will never accept peace . If you truly desire an accord with the people of Earth , she must be stopped . Stopped how ? That is not for me to say . But it does need to happen . I am fond of you , Stahma . But we are not a team . You are not Omec . Don 't ever threaten my daughter . I shame myself . False Casti humility does not suit you . Nor does willful ignorance suit you . I think we should both aim higher . Tread lightly , little Castithan . Tread lightly . NOLAN : Did he say anything ? Anything that might help us find their accomplices ? The Omec said that we would be safe now . Is that true ? Of course it is . You 'll be just fine . Found something . It was in his coat . What is it ? It 's a map of the town . They didn 't come in over the mountain . They tunneled in . All right , Alpha Team moves in from the west , hits that camp with M-19s , and smokes Rahm 's troops south by southwest towards the tree line and the snipers . What have we got ? Me and Zero on the rest of Baker along the tree line . Stop , I 've heard enough . No . No , I want this tunnel sealed up from this side . We 'll hunt down whoever 's left in town , and we 'll live to fight another day . We 're badly outnumbered . This is our chance to take the fight to him . To take him by surprise . ( HAILER CHIRPING ) Alak . What do you got ? It 's two , maybe three miles long . It 's all clear out here . Nothing suspicious ? No booby traps ? I 'm still in one piece . All right , I want you to lay up somewhere safe . Keep your eyes open . You spot any V.C. , chirp me a warning . And , Alak . It took guts to volunteer . Good job . Thanks . This is the closest thing to a guarantee we 're gonna get . No , it 's a huge risk . So was crossing the Delaware , but Washington was game . ( SIGHS ) All right . Do it . Bring that son of a bitch down . All right , Beckman , you 're up front with me and Irisa . Zero and Dell , Barnes are next . Then my three E.M.C. guys . After that , we 're gonna go with squads one through four . Amanda , you 're gonna take the remainder of the troops . You 're gonna surround the building . Nobody gets in or out . Anything suspicious at all ... Good luck . Okay , everybody . Bring it in . No . I don 't want him in there . - It 's not your choice . - You 're staying with me . I 'm going . Just be careful . Always . All right , everybody . Come on in . We get down there , stay alert . Check your equipment . Then check the equipment of the trooper next to you . We 're gonna be moving in fours , so we want clear lines of fire . We 're gonna move slowly , we 're gonna move by the numbers , and safely . And , remember , I chose each and every one of you for a reason . Together , we 're gonna make Defiance proud . All right , let 's line ' em up . Move out . ( LOUD FOOTSTEP ) Sorry . Sorry . This is all new to me . ( PANTING ) Keep it down . It 's okay . ( SOFTLY ) Everyone hold position here until you get my signal . You 're with me . Go . RANIKAR : What is it ? BEBE : I heard something . Stay here . I 'm gonna go check in with Nolan . Hold your position . Do not come forward under any circumstance . All right , let 's go . Beckman , I told you to hold position in the tunnel . ( GASPS ) ( ALL GRUNTING ) ( GASPING ) No . No ! ( BEEPING ) No ! No ! No ! No ! You stupid pink-skin . ( GRUNTING ) ( LAUGHING ) Thank you for leading your men to slaughter . Your head will make a wonderful trophy for Rahm . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) ( PANTING ) ( PANTING ) ( TEENAGE DATAK SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) I had no choice . ( KIHAKO SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) Attacking a Shanje Oathtaker with my blade ? Are you mad ? He attacked me ! I begged to keep you off the shaming rack . I defended our honor ! You were prideful ! Honor does not require defense ! It cannot be won in the eyes of men only lost in the eyes of God . Do you understand ? Datak ! No . You only understand one thing . ( SCREAMING ) ( STRAINING ) IRISA : You just gonna stand there ? Amanda was right . If we had just blown our end of the tunnel , they 'd all still be alive . You gambled . If it had worked , you 'd be a hero . Yeah , but it didn 't , so what does that make me ? They trusted me . They followed me . And now they 're dead because of me . IRISA : You didn 't kill them . Rahm Tak did . You can carry that weight on your shoulders , but it doesn 't make it right . That 's what you 've been telling me all along , right ? That 's a nice try , kid . You get yourself some rest . Nolan , we 've got trouble . What is it ? Rahm Tak is setting up camp right outside the stasis nets . He 's trying to squeeze us . It 's a blockade . I 've got an idea . Speak . If it works , it 's a sure-fire way to destroy Rahm and his army . But there 's a catch . What ? It 's a suicide mission . Still listening . A stasis net is comprised of tenser particles . When chained together , they 're stable and can form an impenetrable barrier . If you use a device to re verse the electromagnetic charge , the tenser particles unhook and explode . Same principle as using the net cutter . Gold star for cowboy guy . Rahm Tak has done us an enormous favor by setting up his camp next to a gigantic bomb . If we can contain and focus the force of the explosion , say , using a localized singularity field , then ... We can blow him to hell ? And you get a sticker that says , " Teacher 's pet . " See me after class . I can throw together a targeting device . It 's small , so I can surgically implant it into the volunteer 's forearm . Into my forearm . DOC : It 's non-metallic , and it will be invisible to the scanners . So you 'll talk your way into Rahm Tak 's camp and when you 're dead center , I 'll blow the nets remotely . Bye-bye , Rahm Tak . Bye-bye , army . And bye-bye , Nolan . Unacceptable . It 's necessary . No . I 'm not letting you throw your life away . If this plan fails , I need you alive to decide whatever Plan B is . There is no Plan B ! There 's always a Plan B. You know , put the gizmo in my arm . BOTH : No ! NOLAN : That 's the most ridiculous idea . You can use it to bring humans and Votans together . No . We 're not doing it . I 'm not arguing about this . You should be resting . Rahm Tak knows we 're desperate . He 's expecting a trick . The minute he sees either of you coming , he 'll have a sniper pick you off from half a mile away . And , who do you think can get close enough ? Only one person I know of . ( SPEAKING CASTITHAN ) Father ! I won passage on an ark . I won passage on an ark . Playing cards . I wish you safe journeys . I won two seats . You 're coming with me ! No , no . I must stay to tend the scrolls . Why ? Our world is ending . I won 't leave without you . You must . Take this blade to the new world , beloved son . Carry my name with honor and pass it on to your own child . Promise me . I promise . Remember , Datak : pride , greed , ambition . These are vanities of the flesh . Only honor endures . And when honor dies the spirit dies with it . Make me proud . AMANDA : Drink . ( COUGHS ) How nice to see you . Rahm Tak has stripped you of everything . Alak and your grandson have to bear the burden of the Tarr family name for the rest of their lives . Why are you here ? I 'm offering you a chance at redemption . And Stahma ? She 's still missing . But if she turns up alive , I will pardon her crimes , as I will pardon yours . Posthumously . Ah . There 's the catch . Rahm Tak 's men shot Alak . We almost lost him . I 'm giving you a chance to kill Rahm Tak . A chance to save Defiance , a chance to save your son and your grandson . Will you help us ? I could not be prouder of you . I hope I can live up to your example . ( BREATHING SHAKILY ) I 've seen all I need to . Let 's go . ( SNIFFLING ) NOLAN : He 's through . Re-engage the nets . Someone 's heading this way . RAHM : Shoot ' em in the head . I think it 's Datak Tarr . RAHM : What ? No . Should we take him out ? Uh-uh . He 's got me curious . ( DATAK BREATHING HEAVILY ) NOLAN : Well , they didn 't shoot him . GEEZE : He 's clean . RAHM : Welcome home , lover boy . I think he 's in , but I can 't be sure . Blow the nets . Blowing the nets . Tensor particles will hit critical mass in four minutes and counting . You 're looking a little working class these days , aren 't you ? ( LAUGHTER ) The shaming rack is a great equalizer . What diluted form of the shaming ceremony are they practicing in Defiance ? Your arms and legs seem curiously attached . ( LAUGHTER ) They cut me down and sent me here with the Mayor 's surrender terms . Why you ? They assumed you 'd shoot whomever came out . Honestly , I 'm surprised you didn 't . Call me a sentimental old fart . These surrender terms are garbage . I 'm not gonna drop back . I 'm not going to provide a hostage . And I 'm not going to negotiate . You go back , and you tell Amanda her only option is to drop the nets . What are you still doing here ? Go ! I 'd like to stay . I kidnapped your son . I beat you senseless . I got you put on a shaming rack . If I let you stay , you will try to kill me the first time I turn my back . Your reputation for shrewdness is clearly well deserved . But I promise you , General , I am a broken man ( SOBBING FAINTLY ) coming to you in my hour of need . Granted , I like the humility . Pleases me . But I am not in a position to take any chances with victory so close at hand . May I prove my loyalty ? I will require my charge blade . ( LAUGHTER ) You want me to arm you ? I don 't quite see the joke . I 'm fighting for my life , General . There is no joke . You ... You push my buttons . You know that ? Watch him . The shaming rack would have ripped my four limbs from my body . You have rescued me from this fate . Therefore , my body is yours . ( FAINT MURMURINGS ) Including my good left arm . ( GRUNTING ) Holy Crap ! ( ALL YELLING ) That 's some gangster-ass shit . I am impressed ! I think he 's in , right ? I mean , on a probationary basis . Thank you , Favi Tak . May I take a moment alone ? ( PANTING ) The pain is tremendous . Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . Don 't go too far . Oh , my God ! Crazy-ass haint . This is definitely going in the collection , right ? Wait . Wait a minute . There 's something in here . Oh , shit ! ( ALL YELLING ) Ripped By mstoll ( MUSIC CONTINUING )
