 - Previously on Stitchers ... - Why do you like me ? Are you deliberately trying to sabotage this ? I really think you are worth taking a shot on . I don 't want to be anyone 's shot . You know , sometimes you can be a little bit of a bully . Well , sometimes you can be a little bit of a stupid . - So , what 's up ? - Ivy . Things were going great , then all of a sudden , she started ghosting me . Stay close to Linus . Make him trust you . Help us find out where Jacqueline is . Cameron : Do you know how hard it is for Kirsten to keep seeing her mother like that ? And where , exactly , does Kirsten see Jacqueline Stinger " cooped up " ? Kirsten : She 's gone . Her chamber ... the computers , the monitors ... everything . Stinger must have found her . Calm down , okay ? It wasn 't Stinger . - How could you betray me ? - I didn 't mean to . I just ... Can be please talk ? Where you going ? Kirsten : To be with someone that I trust . ( sobbing ) - ( birds chirping ) - ( knocks on door ) Kirsten : Camille , are you awake ? - Unfortunately . - Kirsten : Are you alone ? Also unfortunately . ( grunts ) ( sighs ) I 'm really sorry about yesterday . I shouldn 't have jumped on you like that . I was having a ... real bad day . Thanks . Sorry I called you a bully . ( chuckles ) That particular shoe fit . - Cameron screwed me . - ( scoffs ) It 's about time . No , I mean he betrayed me ... with Maggie . Now that 's impressive . She 's completely out of his league . No , I ... He told her something that I 'd shared with him in confidence . My mother 's location . Uh , hold on . What ? You know where your mother is and didn 't try to tell me about it ? To protect you . Anyone who knows where to find her is a target . Well , uh , thanks , I guess . ( Scoffs ) Cameron was the only person I told , but then he told Maggie , and she had her moved ... again , so now I 've lost her again . Okay , uh , I 'd say the first thing you need to do is break your foot off in Cameron 's ass . I did that already . It wasn 't pretty . And second , you need to put the screws to Maggie , get her to tell you where she moved your mother . And third , you need to break your foot off in Cameron 's ass . I thought that was the first . - You got two feet , girl . - Mmm . - Where 's Amanda ? - ( sighs ) - ( rock music playing ) - ( gun firing in video game ) So , Maggie moved Kirsten 's mother ? It 's not like I knew what she was going to do with that information . She ordered me to tell her . I had to . Of course . Otherwise , she 'd shoot you . - ( Cameron scoffs ) - However ... - There 's a " however " ? - you did violate her trust , - and that 's big . - ( sighs ) - Did you start the apology tour yet ? - No , I 've tried . Well , try harder . Say nice things , - do nice things . Just be ... - Nice ? - So , how are you and Ivy ? - Man , I don 't know . She 's acting strange . There 's something going on with her , but I don 't know what . As they say , women are from Venus , and men are from Mars . ( eerie music plays ) ( ominous notes play ) ( theme music playing ) ♪ Take me inside ♪ ♪ Take me inside ♪ ( muffled chattering ) - We 're back to not knocking ? - Where 's my mother ? - The less you know , the better . - I think that 's up to me to decide . It 's not . Our mission stays the same . You keep stitching , we keep mapping the brain until we have what we need to get to the other side . I get to decide how my story ends . - No one else . - Kirsten , wait . Kirsten : Not for you . She 'll come around , just give her time . You did the right thing . Jake Rowland , 35 , an engineer at AVR , the Aero Velocity Research Institute . He was found shot in the Mars simulation chamber . AVR ? That place is a fortress of awesome . What does that even mean ? It means they 're doing some really ground-breaking stuff there . They want to put people on Mars by 2025 . ( cell phone buzzes ) Maggie : AVR has high-level military contracts , and there is a concern that Jake Rowland 's murder - - was an attempt to get classified information . - Any security cameras ? - Maggie : All over the place , but the ones in and around the Mars simulator were shut down when Jake was shot , so we don 't have much to go on . Not until Kirsten stitches in and tells us what Jake saw ... because we know how awesome she is at doing that . ( whispers ) That 's nice , Cameron . Seriously ? Well , this was fun . ( Chuckles ) - What 's everyone 's problem ? - Millennials . Hey . You okay ? - Girl problems . - Me too . ( sarcastically ) Oh , look , we 're twins . We 're all going through stuff . I could use a friend , I was thinking maybe you , but clearly not . Sorry . ( Sighs ) Did you , um , hear back from Ivy yet ? She wants to get together later , talk . Well , clarity 's good . Maybe she 'll explain herself ... finally . Com check ... one , two , one , two . Can you hear me , Buzz ? Is that an astronaut reference or a Toy Story reference ? Let 's just ... ( sighs ) do this . Induce stitch neurosync on my mark . In three , two , one ... blast off . ( whirring ) You really screwed me on this . Come on . You can fix this . I don 't know how . Just tell me what you did . You know I can 't do that . Kirsten : Jake 's arguing with someone . Sounds like he deliberately messed up something they were working on . Any ID on the guy ? No . Wait , I 'm being pulled somewhere else . - ( video game noises ) - People are cheering . - ( people cheering , shouting ) - ( loud rock music playing ) Some kind of ... sports event or a game I think . - Do you know where you are ? - No , I can 't tell . It 's dark , noisy . There 's a sign hanging on the wall with a bee and a lightning bolt logo on it , " auto parts " written underneath . Lightning bolt plus bee , " auto parts . " Checking . To think I used to love you . Jake : Hey , Zelda , where you going ? He 's having some problems with a girl named Zelda . She 's on the move again . Looks like Jake got into a fight . He 's got a black eye . Maybe you 're just projecting your feelings about me onto Jake . Impossible . He only has one black eye . Camille : Oh , and at the end of this round , it 's leggy blonde one , uber-nerd zero . ( whirring ) Kirsten : Back at AVR . Jake 's playing a video game , and he 's at a desk somewhere . He gets to play games at work ? No wonder it 's taking us so long to get to Mars . ( gunshots ) - ( car engine revs ) - ( tires squeal ) Kirsten : Jake was shot while leaving work . The shooter just drove off . - He 's dying . - ( heart beating ) Trying to get to a desk ? Police report said a bullet hit Jake 's cell phone . Maybe he was trying to get to another phone ? Was he trying to get to a phone ? I don 't know , but he 's writing something in the sand . Can she see who it is ? The name of the killer ? What 's he writing ? - ( alarm beeps ) - Death moment in three seconds . Make the bounce . ( beeping ) ( whirring down ) Did you see what Jake wrote in the sand ? - No . - Camille . Yeah , crime scene photos . Way ahead of you , - but you 're not gonna like this . - ( beeps ) Blood and sand do not mix . Kirsten , go to AVR , see what you can find out . Take Cameron with you . Oh , actually , Fisher 's an outer space buff . - Aren 't you , Fish ? - I don 't even like Mars bars . Perfect . I 'll go get changed . Okay , I guess I 'll go get the car . - You don 't like Mars bars ? - Fisher : Nah . Maggie . Look , I know you said this will all blow over , but I 'm telling you , I know Kirsten . It won 't . She 's at an emotional simmer right now . She 's steady , but at any point , she could boil over . You have to tell her where her mother is . No . - Okay , maybe I wasn 't being clear . - Maybe I 'm not being clear . No matter how much you whine and moan , I will never knowingly put any of you in danger . We good ? Ivy : I know I owe you an explanation . I 'm really not as flaky as I 'm sure you think I am . If you tell me that you think we 're not good together or we were moving too fast , you know , I would get that . - You 're right . - Look , even a simple " sorry . " You know , " Linus , you 're awesome " , " but I just don 't see us happening , " that would do . I wouldn 't be happy , but at least I 'd know . Yeah , I pretty much had planned to say just that . But now that I 'm with you ... I can 't do it . ( sighs ) Linus ... you are so awesome . I really do see us happening . I really want to believe you right now , but I don 't think I can . I mean , how can I tr ... - ( sighs ) - That 's a good start . ( chuckles ) So , how long is you and Cameron not talking going to be a thing ? Keep out of this one , Detective Fishy . Whatever you say , Agent Clark . You must be the agents from the NSA . - I 'm Mark Fleming . - Mr. Fleming , this is Agent Clark , NSA . I 'm Detective Fisher , LAPD . We 're very sorry to hear about Jake Rowland . We 're all devastated about Jake , but his death brought with it a very unanticipated consequence . More unanticipated than his murder ? Before Jake died , he took our Mars communication satellite off-line . - ( hesitantly ) That sounds bad . - Worse than you can imagine . If we can 't get that satellite back on-line , we can 't control it , meaning we can 't steer it away from space junk , and if it collides with something , it will come crashing down to Earth . Is the government aware of this ? Yes , but their solution is for us to trigger a self-destruct before the satellite hits its zero barrier in 48 hours . That 's how much time we have to figure this out . Well , maybe we can help . - NSA ? How 's that gonna happen ? - We 're more than just a pretty face . Sure . ( door opens ) - ( people chattering ) - Was Jake unhappy here ? Why do you think he would sabotage the satellite ? Mark : Well , sabotage was what he was paid to do . Fisher : I 'm sorry ? Jake was our Mars project gremlin . His job was to creatively and deliberately screw with our simulator so that the rest of our team could know how to deal with the unexpected . I 've heard of this . Some companies hire both a gremlin and a fixer . Right . He would come in after hours and work up tests and challenges for our fixer to solve . If the fixer could solve them , great . If not , Jake would tell the fixer what he did , and both of them would work up a solution . - Who 's your fixer ? - An engineer named Kenny Lee . He and Jake had quite the rivalry going . Things sometimes got pretty intense between them . So , even though it was Jake 's job to sabotage , you still can 't figure out why he would mess with an actual satellite ? Exactly , but how he did it is the problem at hand . Whatever Jake did to the satellite was brilliant . Hardware , software ... we 're at a loss . ( beeping ) Detective Fisher , this is our fixer , Kenny Lee . We 're very sorry to hear about your colleague . Thanks . What was your relationship like with Jake ? - Professional . - You two never argued about work ? No , we never argued . We were a team . Mark , I really gotta get AVR-SAT2 back online . - Uh , are you making any progress ? - Not at this moment . Did you know much about Jake ? Relationships , hobbies ? We believe he was involved in some type of competitive gaming ? - He was into his games , all right . - What kind of games did he play ? I don 't know what he played , who he hung out with , or what the hell he did to our satellite . Okay , I know you 're upset , - but we 're just trying to do our jobs . - You and me both . Any idea why if Jake was shot outside , - he 'd crawl back in here to die ? - No . You said the NSA might be able to help ? We have on our staff the most brilliant communication engineer in the entire NSA . He has all the right security clearances . He 'd be happy to help . I don 't need help . I need to not be distracted . Send him by . We 'll take a look at him and see if he brings anything to the party . ( elevator dings ) Any leads at AVR ? Well , your dream of living on Mars may have to wait , Buzzkill . Jake took a satellite off-line before he died . AVR has less than 48 hours to fix it before they 're forced to have to self-destruct . Have they looked at varying trace lengths based on impedance to insure there was no sync issues ? That is exactly why they 're expecting you . - You told them about me ? - Any other leads ? Not unless any of you know something about competitive video gaming . - ( cell phone beeps ) - ( Cameron chuckles ) Fisher : What are we looking at ? That is Kiyoshi Otatsume presenting me with the 2010 single-player strategy category in the World Series of Online Gaming . Ugh . Do you do anything cool ? - See ? - ( crowd cheering on phone ) - Yo , where is that ? - The Staples Center . - That is a massive crowd . - Eight thousand people . No one is getting killed over this . I want to kill myself watching it , though . Hey , I found your lightning bolt and bee logo . Belongs to an abandoned automotive warehouse . Well , I 'll follow up on the gaming angle to be sure . - Care to help ? - Cameron : Uh , why don 't I go with you , since I know the world and all ? Good luck . Hey , mind if I go with you to AVR ? - But you don 't know ... - Great , you can drive . - ( beeping ) - This is very cool ! ( chuckles ) Kenny Lee . This is Dr. Linus Ahluwalia , Agent Camille Engelson . They 're from the NSA . They 're here to give us a hand . What do either of you know about satellites ? Uh , I know they 're less complicated than what we work with all day . Really ? So what do you think about the quantum tunneling effect at smaller process nodes ? With newer technologies , we 've moved to 3D geometries on the chip , such as tri-gate transistors . Fourteen nanometers reduces leakage power . - Obviously . - 480 VDC through a 500 ohm resistor - should equal how much voltage ? - None . It equals current in amps and power in watts , not volts ... 0.96 amps and 460.8 watts , if I 'm being exact , which I always am . How about you ? Sorry , I don 't speak pissing contest . ( laughs ) Work with them . - ( knocks ) - Come in , close the door . What I 'm about to show you stays between us . - Where 'd you get these ? - I hired a PI off the books to follow Ivy for a few days . I wanted to see what we could see while also keeping it off the NSA radar . Well , clearly we have a problem . Or an opportunity . - ( buzzing ) - Linus : Damn it . Every time I think I 've got the problem figured out . You 're using the wrong file extension . You 're gonna teach me how to run system diagnostics now ? Yes , because you 're not running anything . Hell , you 're barely crawling . You 're welcome . ( beeping ) Uh , what was that all about ? - I just needed some air . - Is that it ? - How 'd your talk with Ivy go ? - We 're back on track . She 's coming here later . She wants to bring me dinner . - Well , can 't win ' em all . - I thought you were past that with Ivy . You two seemed to get along . Not as well as you and Amanda in the kitchen . - What did you say to her ? - I may have simply put her on notice about using you to get information back to Stinger Senior . Why would you do that ? Because I 'm trying to protect all our asses , Linus . Who asked you to ? And here 's something , you 're no genius when it comes to relationships , so just stay out of mine ! I 'm sorry . I know things between you and Amanda are ... - What ? - We need her . Who ? Amanda . ( muffled rock music playing ) ( people cheering , shouting ) ♪ I want to take you , I want to take you ♪ Woman : Come on ! Go ! Go , yeah ! Come on ! Do it ! Do it ! ♪ Come on , can you come and see , just see me ? ♪ ( shouting , cheering ) Look at this . - Oh . Blondie , we 're home . - ( scoffs ) - ( video games noises ) - ( shouting , cheering ) Cameron : This game is a top-down battle arena . I 'm great at these . Kirsten : That 's Zelda in the ring , from the stitch . I also saw that guy . Woman : Come on ! Whoo ! I 'm gonna go poke around . ( music continues , muffled ) ( keyboard clacking ) Whoa . I 'm in the wrong business . ( beeping ) ( music continues ) Hey . Found some interesting stuff on the backroom computer . - Yeah ? - Yeah , this place is generating tens of thousands of dollars a night , and Jake Rowland was recently on a roll , winning most of his matches against Zelda . Yeah , I 'm wondering if the competition between Jake and Zelda got a little heated and she killed him ? Zelda . Yeah , okay . Got it . Okay , here 's another thing , there 's no Internet access here , so the entire gaming system is completely off the grid . Probably to make it unhackable , preserve the integrity of the game . Right . Right . Let 's get going , see what else is on these files . Well , actually , I think I 'm gonna stick around , see what I can learn . Uh , okay . You do that . Hey , hey . Look , look , come on . - You can 't stay mad at me forever . - Challenge accepted . ( music , cheering continues ) ( video game noises ) - ( explosion ) - ( loud cheering ) ( shouting ) Another win for Zelda ! Yeah ! Yeah ! ( wolf whistles ) ♪ See I saw you sitting there on a sidewalk ♪ - Hi . You 're new here ? - Huh . Yeah . - First time ? - Mm-hmm . ( laughs ) I can tell . You 've got that look . - I 'm Zelda . - Apparently . - ( laughs ) What 's your name , noob ? - Cameron . - So what 's the game ? - War Zone . - Huh . Never heard of it . - You wouldn 't . - It 's not available to the public . - Really ? - Then who developed it ? - Nobody knows , - but he or she is a genius . - Hmm . That 's Rick . He 's kind of a promoting machine . He put together this whole underground digital fight club . What ? Do people bet on the matches ? ( laughs ) Yeah . Money makes everything more intense . A guy got his nose broken yesterday . It was awesome . All right ! It 's open competition time ! Five hundred dollars to whoever can last two minutes against DK ! One thousand dollars whoever wins their level ! ( people shouting ) Hey , you with the hair . Yeah , you . Come on up . Good luck , noob . DK . Line it up . You 're right here , up there . Let 's get it on ! ( rock music playing ) ( video game explosions ) Come on ! - ( explosion ) - ( crowd cheering ) - Whoo ! - ( Rick shouting ) ( music stops ) And the winner is ... What 's your name , bro ? - Cameron . - Cameron ! - Yeah . ( Laughs ) - DK : What the ... ? - Good work , noob . - No way . - You cheated ! - ( grunts ) - ( grunts ) - ( crowd murmurs ) I 'm so sorry . I 'm so sorry . - ( crowd shouting ) - ( music continues ) - You kicked ass out there . - Oh . Thanks . Does it always get this physical ? People take War Zone very seriously . Oh . Actually , I heard someone talking about some guy who died the other day . Jake ... Jake something . Did you know him ? Uh , yeah . I didn 't like him very much . He was a little full of himself , but , uh ... we were good in the ring together . - You guys played each other ? - Yeah . A lot . ( Rick claps ) - Hey , new guy , how 's the eye ? Eye good ? - Yeah , yeah , it 's throbbing , - but , you know . - That 's good . Look , um ... would you be interested in coming back ? I think you 're a natural . You had this place going nuts tonight . - Yeah , yeah , game on . - Great . All right . Good . Well , get some rest , and I 'll see you soon . Cool . Next time he 's in here , find out what you can about him . Great work , Zelda . - ( cell phone clicks ) - ( line ringing ) ( beeps ) - Hey . - Ivy ( on phone ) : Hey . Just checking in if now 's a good time . - I 'd be there in about 15 . - Perfect . Uh , just let me know when you get here , and I 'll meet you outside . Security 's nuts . - Sounds good . Can 't wait . - Linus : Me too . ( phone beeps , clatters ) You know , your father once paid someone to kill me ? Good thing he didn 't succeed , otherwise , we wouldn 't be sitting here . - Well , at least I wouldn 't . - ( door opens ) - Ms. Brown . - You want to tell me why I 'm here ? How long have you been in contact with your father ? I 'm not . We know as well as you do that you 've been seeing Daniel Stinger . Wherever you 're getting your information from is ... incorrect . - I want a lawyer . - Yeah , that 's not really our thing . He came to me . Wanted me to help him . I told him no . End of story . That sounds a lot like a story with only a beginning and a middle . Not sure I trust the ending . - What is gonna happen to me ? - Well , that all depends on you . ( beeping ) - What is all of this ? - I realized it wasn 't software , so then I thought the problem was hardware , - but I was wrong . - Best the NSA has to offer , huh ? - Who 's this ? - Oh , relax , Ace . She 's with me . Amanda . It 's good to see ya . Is it ? So , this is what we 're working with . Amanda : Yeah , that is definitely some bloody sand . - But you see it , right ? - Yeah , I see it . What do you need ? Space . Mars is all yours . Ah ! Nice of you to show up . Camille and Linus are on their way from AVR . The refractory period is over . What the hell happened ? Underground video gaming . It is unbelievable . It 's literally unlike anything I 've ever experienced . It 's better than sex ... Excuse me . Uh , about last night ... Oh . Yeah . This . I discovered my new favorite , ah , hobby . Getting hit in the face ? Did Zelda do that to you ? Look , not every girl I know wants to punch me in the face . Just you . Well , did you find something out at least ? Not yet , but I 'm going back there tonight to see what I can find . I 'm sure you can use your face to beat the information out of someone . Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . Come on , aren 't you a little concerned about me ? Of course . - Please be careful . - Mmm . - You 're no good to me dead . - ( groans ) Close enough . Cameron : Tell me what you see , K. Jake and Zelda are having an argument . I am not feeling the love here . You don 't know what you 're talking about . Yeah . I 'm not seeing any oxytocin spikes with them . Quel dommage . No , you 're cheating . No one is that good . - You don 't understand . - Zelda just accused Jake of cheating . We 're in AVR . Jake 's got a copy of the game up . - He beat the game . - So , he was cheating . Wait . Zelda said that the game wasn 't public , so how does Jake have it on his computer ? ( beeping ) Got another memory hotspot coming up . Stand by , K. Moving you to another level . - Hell of a game , Jake . - Thanks . Kirsten : Jake just won a boatload of money ... - Rick : Here . - Kirsten : But he 's ... really being quite awkward about it . Right , because he was cheating ? He 's putting up a satellite dish of some kind . - Cameron : Where ? - Uh , I 'm not sure . Rooftop somewhere ? - ( beeping ) - Eighteen seconds . You 're lying . I 'm tired of you being so secretive . I just need you to trust me , okay ? I can 't explain it to you right now . Jake and Kenny are arguing . So , that 's it ? You 're just leaving ? I promise you , it will all make sense soon . Forget it . Just tell me what you did to the rover , - or Mark is gonna fire me . - He 's not gonna fire you ! I told you , I 'm not gonna let that happen . You can do this . Stop overthinking everything . It 's just a game . Trust me , okay ? ( heart beating ) - Time 's up ! - Make the bounce ! ( beeping ) ( breathes heavily ) Kenny didn 't kill Jake , and they weren 't just coworkers or friends . - They were lovers . - Well , why hide it ? Well , AVR has a strict dating policy . They would 've been fired . Did Jake tell Kenny how he gremlined the rover ? Not that I saw , so I doubt he would 've told him how he gremlined the satellite . But if Kenny didn 't kill Jake , then who did ? I 've got Amanda working on that as we speak . Good timing . I was just about to run the simulation . Ladies , gentlemen , without further ado , I captured the area in high-def , digitized it , and by analyzing the blood-spread pattern , reversed the shifting sand and digitally recreated whatever Mr. Rowland 's final message was . Let 's roll back the sands of time , shall we ? ( sighs ) ( beeping ) Cameron : What is that ? Camille : Looks like a pattern of some kind ? - I thought it would be a name . - Yeah , me too . - Zelda . - Zelda didn 't kill Jake . And you know this because you know her so well ? It 's just ... it 's just not the vibe I got . Vibe ? We solve our cases by vibe now ? I 'm definitely getting a vibe here . Okay . I 'm going back to the warehouse , see what else I can find out . Cameron , wait . Look , we can 't keep doing this to each other , Stretch . Just me being mad at you , you being mad at me , it 's ... ( sighs ) It 's turning me into someone I 'm not . I don 't like being this mad at you either . I just ... I don 't ... - I don 't know how to stop . Not yet . - ( sighs ) Just ... please don 't do anything stupid while I 'm figuring it out , okay ? I 'll try . Oh , good . The amateurs who are here to help fix nothing are leaving . I know you 're hurting , but we 're all here to help . What 's your skill then , hmm ? Electronics ? Astrophysics ? Satellite communications ? Engineering ? - What 's your super power ? - Death . Death is my super power . Seems like you got this . I 'm gonna head out . Umm , can I call you later ? I don 't think that 's a good idea . I mean , work is work and I 'm happy to help , but ... as far as you and I go ... we 're just on totally different planets . Is this because of what I said ? I gotta go . Take care of yourself . Yeah . - What ? Let 's get back to work . - What 's the point ? We 're gonna have to initiate self-destruct and blow our bird out of the sky in a matter of hours , so this freak show is over anyway . Wait . Jake had another workstation here , didn 't he ? Someplace with a couch ? - How did you know that ? - Show us . ( computers beeping ) He would work down here sometimes when he didn 't want Mark to pester him . Nobody knew about it . - Except you . - Except me . Never gets any easier , does it ? One way or another , we always lose the things we love . But if we find it , it doesn 't matter . Because it 's worth it . ( beeps ) How did you know Jake 's password ? ( keyboard clacking ) Well , there 's nothing on here about Rick . There it is . There 's the game . War Zone . Shove . Let me see something . - ( beeps ) - Huh . Well , there are 41 iterations of the game . - Kenny : What does that mean ? - It means Jake created it . - Shove . Let me see something . - All right . ( beeping ) Linus : Someone has been working overtime . Jake made a recent addition to the very end of the final level of the game , but ... it 's encrypted . Okay , so Jake anonymously created a game , and then made money off winning that game in a competitive underground gaming circuit ? The computers at the warehouse weren 't connected to the Internet . How could Jake have altered the game in the warehouse from here ? I know how . I know why we couldn 't figure out how Jake gremlined the satellite . - It 's because he didn 't . - Then why is it off-line ? It 's not . It 's just not pointed towards Mars . Well , where 's it aimed then ? - There . - Kirsten : That 's the warehouse . Jake put a satellite dish on the roof next door . Which would explain how he was able to download the game from here to the closed system at the warehouse . Jake gremlined the warehouse , not AVR . - Let 's re-aim that satellite . - How long do we have ? Two hours before self-destruct . Look , Jake focused it there for a reason . We owe it to him to find out why . ( crowd shouting ) - ( video game noises ) - ( rock music playing ) - You ready to take me on ? - Absolutely . - I 'll see you out there . - All right . ( music continues , muffled ) - Hey , what 's up ? - He 's NSA . What did you do ? ( sighs , chuckles ) I 'm sure it 's nothing . Sneak that back to him . Hey . Don 't worry about anything , all right ? ( sighs ) Like you said , noob ... - ( gun cocks ) - game on . Kirsten : Cameron . Oh . Hey , so , did you come to cheer me on or discourage me ? Inspire you . You have to win this match . - Why ? - We think Jake coded a message , and it 's hidden at the end of the final level of War Zone , but it 's only accessible for the next 45 minutes until we have to reposition the satellite . Okay , nothing you just said makes any sense to me . Just win the freaking game , and it will . ( rock music playing ) Rick : All right , all right , all right . The match we 've all been waiting for . The noob versus our very own Zelda ! ( cheering ) He knows you 're NSA . Get out while you can . Not until I win this match . - Rick : Noob . - It 's your funeral . Rick : Zelda . Ready ? - And begin . - ( video game noises ) - ( rock music playing ) - ( crowd cheering , shouting ) ( shouts ) ♪ Ain 't gonna take it slowly ♪ ( crowd cheering ) - Bro , she 's kicking your ass . Give up . - Yeah , I think I know that . How much time do we have before Kenny and Camille reposition the satellite ? - A couple minutes . - ( Cameron sighs ) Okay . - Zelda . - You 're going down this round . - Jake needs your help . - Don 't you mean you need my help ? No , Jake . He 's waiting for us at the end of this game . He left us a message , and I think it has to lead to his killer . Why should I believe you ? Because you want to see how this ends as badly as I do . Look , War Zone was designed so that one player can 't let another player win . If I take it easy on you , the computer 's gonna take over my game play . Then we have to beat the computer ... - together . - Rick : All right , final round . Noob , Zelda , you ready ? And begin . - ( rock music playing ) - ( crowd shouting , cheering ) - ( crowd booing ) - Play , noob . Rick : Hey , what the hell are you guys doing ? Play him right now ! Zelda ! - ( video game noises ) - He 's not winning . Rick : Okay . Everybody , everybody . ( people shouting ) - ( explosion ) - ( beeps ) Woman : What ? - ( crowd murmuring ) - What is that ? That looks like a pattern of some sort . It 's a pattern from AVR . It 's a passcode . Man : What is this ? Come on ! ( beeping ) ( Rick laughs ) What is this ? ( clangs ) Jake : If you 're seeing this , then I 'm already gone . My name is Jake Rowland , and I created the game War Zone . Rick DeToro , he took advantage of my secret , he threatened everything that I cared about ... All right , this is some kind of a joke . And turned War Zone and me - into his own cash machine . - No , no , no , no . This is ... - I don 't know what 's going on ! - He forced me to play - and rigged the odds . Well , Rick ... - All right ! My secret 's out now . So is yours . - ( crowd shouting ) - ( beeping ) - Okay , stay back ! Everybody get back ! - ( people scream ) - ( grunts ) - Game over ! Well played , DK . Mm-hmm . Rick DeToro ? You 're under arrest for the murder of Jake Rowland . ( sighs ) - Yeah . - Jake would 've liked you . ( acoustic guitar music playing ) ♪ Love gives you eyes that cannot see ♪ So , I guess your vibe about Zelda was right . Guess so . ♪ I waited all this time ♪ Look , I ... I 'm really sorry I betrayed your trust . - I know . - I don 't want to lose you ... but I don 't know how to fix this . ♪ Well , I 've been waiting round ♪ Fix us . Me neither . ♪ And the sky 's been falling down ♪ ♪ But the world keeps spinning round ♪ - Ivy ? - I need a friend . Me too . ♪ ' Cause I 've been waiting round ♪ ♪ And I 've been falling down ♪ ♪ But the world keeps spinning round ♪ ♪ Who are you loving now ? ♪ ( theme music playing )
