 ( WAVES SPLASHING ) ( " ' TIS THE GIFT TO BE SIMPLE " PLAYING ON CELL PHONE ) Yes , we received your payment . No , it wasn 't late , but it was for $ 78.13 , and the bill was for $ 78.31 . Okay , great . No , thank you . ( " METAL GURU " PLAYING ) ( CAR SPUTTERS ) ( CAR HORN HONKING ) ( CAR HORN HONKING ) ( HORN HONKING ) ( " FAREWELL TRANSMISSION " PLAYING ) I think it 's the intake manifold . - Was I right ? - Not even close . I think I just like saying " intake manifold . " Maybe when I get a job , I 'll get Triple A. I thought you worked at the water company . Temping . - How 's your parents ? - They 're doing okay . I should , um , get going , actually , for dinner . But , um , we should make a plan . I 'll send you a text . Or we could do that now since we 're both here . - What ? - Nothing . ( CHUCKLES ) Okay . ( CAR DOOR SLAMS ) ( " SOMETHING OLD SOMETHING NEW " PLAYING ) MAN : Nice of Mercer . I always thought you two would make a good ... - Mom . - Couple . Boy from the neighborhood ? That would 've been cute . ( LAUGHS ) Remember when he fixed the roof ? - Stop . - ( LAUGHS ) - He 's not ... - I know , I know . Mm . Any word on the insurance ? Oh , they won 't cover the cost of IGIV . It 's $ 40,000 . So , you know , surprise , surprise . It 's not on their list . DAD : Oh , enough of all that . Come on , honey . - Help me up . - MOM : Okay . - Here . You got it ? - ( DISHES CLANKING ) Thanks , Mae . - MOM : Okay ? - Yeah . - ( DAD GRUNTS ) - MOM : That 's it . Well , not so fast . ( DAD GRUNTS ) - MOM : Okay and turn ... just ... - ( DAD GRUNTS ) - MOM : Ready ? - DAD : Yeah . I 'm good . - Yeah . - MOM : Okay . ( " ' TIS THE GIFT TO BE SIMPLE " PLAYING ON CELL PHONE ) ( PEOPLE CHATTING ) - WOMAN : What are you doing right now ? - I 'm at work . I come here each day and in return , I receive money to buy goods and services . Ah , well , I 've got to be quick . I 'm in Germany . - Why are you in Germany ? - Regulatory mess . Those guys did not screw around , but listen , I got you an interview . - What ? - I got you an interview tomorrow . - ( SCREAMS ) - ( LAUGHING ) Yes , I did . Really ? No . ( LAUGHING ) Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes , I did , tomorrow . Holy shit , Annie , I love you . ANNIE : Remember , it 's just customer experience . So answer phones , help people , what you 're already doing but now a real company . I know , it 's perfect . Tons of people started there . MAE : I know , I know . Thank you . Stop saying that . We 're hiring a hundred people this month . - One of them may as well be you . - Right , good . This doesn 't mean you 're in . You have to kill the interview . Know the Circle inside out . I 'm back next week . By then , you 'll be hired if you kill the interview . MAE : Okay , I will . ANNIE : You can do it , Mae . Own it ! ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) MAN : How would you describe what the Circle is to say , - your grandmother ? - Take True You , for example . It combined everything that was separate and sloppy into one account . No more forgetting your password , multiple identities , identity theft . You use your real name , which is tied to your credit card . I think Grandma 's falling asleep . ( SCOFFS ) Okay . Before True You , it was like you needed a different vehicle for every single one of your errands , and no one should have to own 87 different cars . It doesn 't make sense . It 's the chaos of the Web made elegant and simple . Speed round . Paul or John ? Early Paul , late John . - Mario or Sonic ? - Early Sonic , late Mario . Introspection or communication ? - Uh ... - Mae . - Sorry , I 'm thinking about it . - So that 's introspection . - Sushi or Soylent ? - Sushi . Ever owned a Velcro wallet ? - Yes . - Velcro shoes ? - Yes . - Velcro ... pants ? Yes . What was the name of the receptionist who checked you in this morning ? Um ... - Linda . - Joan Baez or Joan Crawford ? - Joan Didion . - " Gif " or " Jif " ? ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm not answering that . There 's too much at stake . Would you like to go out with me ? That 's very inappropriate . Good . Quality or convenience ? Not mutually exclusive . Needs of the society or needs of the individual ? - Should be the same . - You 're most scared of ? Unfulfilled potential . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) All right , heliport , gym , daycare , - organic farm , Pétanque . - Pétanque ? - Oh , it 's like bocce but French . ( GIGGLES ) - Oh . Tetherball , lap pool , social pool , doga . - ( DOG BARKING ) - ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) Kennel , nightclub , salon , maker space , rock climbing , trampoline , clinic , volleyball . Was that ... ? Was that the ... ? Content people , news , arts , film , engineers , management and me , advertising and you . All right , let 's go . MAE : Your legs are so long . ( SHOUTS ) What ? ( GIGGLES ) It 's all on sensors . The elevator reads your ID and says " hello . " We do that for visitors mostly . They 're usually impressed . Annie , that 's the worst picture of me ever . Oh , come on ... Oh . Oh , dear . - ANNIE : Danny ! - DANNY : What 's up ? You remember Dan ? I 'm handing you off . - You 're all grown-up . - MAE : Oh . DANNY : I have the privilege and the honor to give you your brand new tablet , Mae . And I sent the password to your phone . - Oh , my God . It has my name on it . - Uh-huh . Oh , this is too sad . You take care of my little girl . - I will . - ( SNIFFS ) MAN : If we don 't give customers a human and humane experience , we have no customers , it 's pretty elemental . Jared will be doing your training . I oversee the team , and Jared oversees the unit . As you know , you 'll be doing straight-up customer maintenance for the smaller advertisers . You work on your portable here . They send a message to customer experience , and it gets routed over to one of you . Random at first , but once you start working with a customer , they 'll continue to be routed over to you for the sake of continuity . Um , you get the query , figure out the answer , you write them back , and that is the core of it . Simple enough in theory . So far so good ? - ( CHUCKLES ) Uh , yeah . - Cool . So let 's say you 've answered a client 's question , and they seem satisfied . Now , it 's not just that you get a smile or a frown , though that is part of it . You get your smile ... it 's almost always a smile . Um , that is when you send the survey . The survey is a set of quick questions about , you know , your overall service , how you did , and they send that immediately back , and you get to see how you did right here . That is the rating . Uh , you know what ? Let 's just do a live one . - Excuse me . - Sorry . - Okay . - ( TYPES ) - Have a nice day . - ( BEEPS ) ( TAPS ) - ( HUMMING ) - ( BEEPS ) That 's pretty good , 99 is good , but I can 't help wondering why it wasn 't 100 . Let 's look . ( BEEPS ) Okay . ( TYPES ) Boom . Sometimes you just encounter someone who isn 't really sensitive to the metrics . So it 's important to ask them and make sure you get that clarity . And we 're back to a perfect score , yeah . - Oh , wow . - ( BOTH CHUCKLING ) All right , are you ready to do this on your own ? - ( CHUCKLES ) Yes . - Awesome . ( TYPING ) ( BEEPS ) ANNIE : Excuse me . I 'm terribly sorry . Hey , how 's it going ? - I thought you were in Amsterdam . - Oh , just for a day . Then London , then New York , now here . - Have you slept ? - A few hours on the plane . A couple pills , I 'm good . So you ? First week . - ( GROANS ) - What ? You got an 87 average . - That 's like a solid B. - How long till I 'm fired ? Listen , when I first started , it took me a few weeks to really get the hang of it . Believe me , okay ? Believe me , you 're doing fine . You 're good , all right ? Mm-hm . Hello , I 'm Eamon Bailey . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING ) ( CHUCKLES ) Hey . ( APPLAUSE CONTINUES ) Thank you , thank you . So glad to see you all here . Now a bunch of you are new to the company since I last spoke , so can the guppies all stand up ? - ANNIE : Right , that 's you . - EAMON : Come on , guppies , just stand up . - Whoo ! - Guppies , stand up , come on . Congratulations , nice to have you . Now " guppies " is just an affectionate term for you baby fishies . Soon you will all grow to become powerful ... - ( LAUGHS ) You 're adorable . - I hate you . The fish that guppies grow up into being ... - What do they grow up into ? - ( LAUGHTER ) Anyway , all right , this is Dream Friday , the latest in our long tradition of presenting our newest innovations . The first Dream Friday featured Ty Lafitte , the inventor of True You and our founding father . And usually , we feature one of our engineers or our visionaries but today unfortunately , it 's just me and for that , - I apologize in advance . - ( LAUGHTER ) - ( ANNIE CHUCKLES ) - MAN : We love you , Eamon ! Thanks , Mom . ( LAUGHTER ) Now you might not have seen me around campus for the last few days , and maybe you were wondering just where the heck I 've been . WOMAN : Surfing ! - ( LAUGHTER ) - Argh ! - ( GIGGLES ) - You got me ! Yes , I 've been surfing . And that 's part of what I 'm here to talk about . I love to surf and in the past , I would have to wake up and call the local surf shop to ask about the local breaks , and pretty soon , the local surf shop stopped answering their phone . - ( LAUGHTER ) - And then I got a cell phone , and I could call up my buddies who were already out at the beach before me , and I could ask them , but they , too , stopped answering their phones . ( LAUGHTER ) And then came ... the Internet . - ( AUDIENCE CHEERING ) - Whoa . Oh ! Some geniuses set up cameras on the beaches , so I could log on and get some very crude images of the waves at Stinson Beach . It was almost worse than calling the surf shop . Here 's how it used to look . ( AUDIENCE GROANING ) Almost useless , right ? But now let 's refresh that page and show the site with our new Circle video delivery . - ( AUDIENCE MURMURING ) - Now that looks pretty good , doesn 't it ? Yeah , maybe I should be out there right now . - ( AUDIENCE CHUCKLING ) - But would it surprise you to know that this is not coming from some big camera but actually just one of these ? ( AUDIENCE GASPING ) This camera needs no wires . It transmits this image via satellite . I set up that camera this morning . I stuck it to a tree near the dunes with no permit , nothing , in fact , no one even knows it 's there . And actually , I was pretty busy this morning because here 's Rodeo Beach , Montera , Ocean Beach , Fort Point . This is my front yard . ( LAUGHTER ) - And here 's my backyard . - ( LAUGHTER ) Here 's traffic on the 101 . Oh , did you think this was just a camera ? No , welcome to real time analytic processing . When you see this , you 're also getting this . ( AUDIENCE MURMURING ) Air quality , traffic volume , weather patterns , biometrics , facial recognition , saved and searchable , all to serve you better . My friends , we are looking at retailing these in just a few months for less than a pair of jeans . - ( AUDIENCE MURMURS ) - And I 'm not talking about fancy jeans . I 'm talking about the ones like I 'm wearing . WOMAN : Wow ! Now , Circlers ... do you like to share ? ALL : Sharing is caring ! Sharing is caring . I thought you might say that . - Sharing is caring ? - Sharing is caring . I have a dozen helpers all over the world right now carrying these cameras . Imagine the human rights implications . Activists no longer have to hold up a camera . Now it 's as easy as gluing a camera to a wall , and actually , we 've done just that . Do you see any cameras here ? No . We have 144 cameras in place here , and it took us just a day to do it , and they 're virtually invisible . They come in every color , so camouflaging is a cinch . This is my favorite . Whoa ! - ( LAUGHS ) - Nice catch . Sign her up . - ( LAUGHTER ) - So now , the entire world is watching . You know , I agree with the Hague , with the human rights activists all over the world . There needs to be accountability . Tyrants and terrorists can no longer hide . We will see them . We will hear them . We will hear and see everything . If it happens , we 'll know . We 're calling it ... " SeeChange " . ( APPLAUSE ) " SeeChange " . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING ) Oh , we 'll know the good things , too . - ( AUDIENCE ) Aw . - Aw . We will see it all . Because knowing is good . But knowing everything is better . ( CHEERS , APPLAUSE ) Whoo ! Yeah ! MAE : Good thing you guys like to keep things modest . What 's this party even for ? " SeeChange " . Summer solstice . Everything . Nothing . Come on , let 's be the only ones who know how to dance ! - MAE : My God , is that Beck ? - ( LAUGHS ) ( " DREAMS " PLAYING ) ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ♪ ♪ Oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh ♪ ♪ Come on out of your dreams ♪ ♪ And wake up from your Rêverie ♪ ♪ Time is here , don 't go to sleep ♪ ♪ Streets are running on the brink ♪ MAE : So Bailey , what 's he actually like ? You 're in the gang of 40 . ANNIE : Yeah , but I don 't get a ton of alone time with him . I mean , you know , a lot of people work in the White House . How many people really get to know the President ? Oh , actually , do you wanna see something ? Oh , my God . You need to see this . Follow me . ♪ Here we are ♪ Here . This is it . ( CHUCKLES ) ( BEEPS ) - Nice knocker . - ( LAUGHS ) ( LAUGHS ) Holy shit , right ? Right ? ( CHUCKLES ) I think all of these have gotta be first editions ? Oh , but , um , you have to give me a verbal nondisclosure agreement , okay ? - Annie . - Seriously . You shouldn 't be here and probably won 't ever be here again , so verbal NDA . - I promise not to disclose anything . - Good . This is where Bailey and Stenton make all of their plans . It 's very serious . I mean , this is high nerd , right ? Oh , no , you probably shouldn 't play with ... - Like this ? - ( LAUGHS ) You 're such a dork . Well ... - So this is where it all happens . - To be a fly on the wall , right ? We should get back to the party . - ( CELL PHONE BUZZES ) - Well , you should at least . ( CELL PHONE BEEPS ) - You 're not coming back ? - I 've got work . - Annie , it 's like , 11 o 'clock . - I 've got Australia in a few minutes . Ah . A-ha . Actually , a few minutes ago , but you have fun , okay ? - Annie ... - You 're gonna have so much fun . - ( " WOULD you WANT ME " PLAYING ) - ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) - MAN : You guys are gonna love this . - WOMAN : Okay . Whoops . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) So I heard there 's a party around here . You know , if that 's , like ... your kind of thing . Yeah , maybe I 'll check it out . It 's probably not as interesting as whatever 's on your phone , though . Okay , probably not . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) - Do you want a drink ? - I do , but they ran out like an hour ago . I think they did too , but shh . Are you serious ? Whoa . - You have glasses in there , too ? - It 's my party trick . - Oh . - All right . Thank you . You 're new here . - You are , right ? - How can you tell that ? - I don 't know , I just guessed . - That 's really embarrassing . I 'm sorry . ( LAUGHS ) What do you think ? - Of this ? - Yeah . I 'm excited . ( SNIFFS ) Mm-hm . - ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm sorry . - Okay . It 's just everyone that works at the Circle is so excited to be here , and they just want to tell everyone about it all the time . It 's , you know ... It 's like , " Here , try this Kool-Aid ! " - Oh , Kool-Aid ? - " It 's delicious . You 'll love it . " - Oh , wow ! - I love Kool-Aid . - ( LAUGHS ) - Don 't you love Kool-Aid ? ( BOTH LAUGHING ) After my last job where I just tried to , like , - calm down angry people all day ... - ( CELL PHONE BUZZES ) I 'm just grateful to be here . I got to go put out a fire . - Sounds exciting . - Very . So , uh ... I 'll leave you to it . ( LAUGHS ) Have a drink , have a good time , and stay excited . You 're at the Circle . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) Did he tell me his name ? I forgot it . ( SIGHS ) - Have a good night , guppy . - Oh ! Thanks . ANNOUNCER : ( OVER PA ) Last shuttle will be leaving in five minutes . ( LAUGHTER ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( CHUCKLES ) ( SIGHS ) ( " WITH FUN IN MY LIFE " PLAYING ON RADIO ) DAD : I 'm telling you Mae-Mae ... there 's something about you . - You have a glow . - ( MAE CHUCKLES ) - MOM : You do . - MAE : I do not have a glow . - Like you 're with child . - ( LAUGHS ) Ignore him . So it 's been great ? I don 't think I ever wanna work anywhere else . ( EXHALES ) I told , um , Carolina 's mom . I might 've let your salary slip . - Oh , Mom . - What ? It 's been fun to casually insert it into conversation . " My daughter works for the best company on the planet ! - And has full dental . " - ( CHUCKLES ) Please don 't . I just got lucky . - If it wasn 't for Annie ... - Annie , how is Annie ? She 's good . - Working too hard . - What does she do exactly ? She 's in the gang of 40 . Uh-huh . She 's in on all the big decisions , deals with regulatory issues in other countries . That sounds important . ( CHUCKLES ) Mae , hon , why don 't you get your daddy another beer ? Sure , Dad . Your hair . It was a phase . It was a cute phase . You good ? I 'm good . You should come visit me at work sometime . At the Circle ? I 'll give that idea a smile . - ( SCOFFS ) - Hey ... ( CHUCKLES ) They might think I was there to clean the toilets . Come on . They 'd love you . All those tech guys secretly wish they knew how to use a hand saw , make something out of wood . That really sums me up pretty well . - It could be worse , I guess . - You know what I mean . They want you to tell them about your secret hiking spots . So they could put them on True You and ruin it forever ? Ooh , biting commentary . I mean , come on , you have to admit , like , smiles and frowns used to be for middle school . Like , " Hey , you know , do you like stickers and unicorns ? " " Yes , I love stickers and unicorns . " Smile , you know . And now ... now it 's everyone . I can 't help it if you 're not ... social . I am social enough . I mean , isn 't ... this socializing ? I assume you 've heard about that Senator that 's trying to , like , break you guys up - citing antitrust laws , right ? - Give me a break , Mercer . Don 't you have to go and chop some wood or something ? ( SCOFFS ) - Thanks , hon . - Sure , Dad . His business is doing well . Mercer ? The antler chandeliers ? They are beautiful , Mae . He 's making one for us . Did I tell you I 'm up to an 87 so far ? They say that 's pretty good for a guppy . - ( CHUCKLES ) - Who 's a guppy ? MOM : Well , that 's great , Mae . - Honey ? - MOM : Hm ? Oh . Come on , we 'll go in the house , come on . Dad ? Don 't worry . - What happened ? - Please , Mae , let your mother . Honey , just , just ... Just tell everybody that Dad 's not feeling well , and they 'll understand , really . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . - ( GRUNTS ) - MOM : It 's okay . Dad . Please , Mae . - ( EXHALES ) - We got it . MOM : It 's okay . - Come on . - ( DAD SIGHS ) ( BIRDS SQUAWKING ) ( SIGHS ) ( SOBS ) MAE : Thanks . WOMAN : See you soon , Mae . Bye . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES ) WOMAN : Today , I call upon the Senate Antitrust Subcommittee to investigate the Circle . We cannot rely on them to say , " We 're not violating antitrust laws . " I 'm sure the Circle will be glad to cooperate . We have every confidence that Senator Williamson 's allegations will be discredited . You are probably wondering about your new screen . - ( CHUCKLES ) - Hi , I 'm Gina . - I 'm Matt . - Hi . Dan said this would be a good moment to set up all your socials . - Do you have time ? - Sure . MATT : Great . I take it last week you were too busy to set up your company social account , and I don 't think you 've imported your old profile . Sorry , I 've just been kind of overwhelmed so far . - Oh . - No , in a good way . I just haven 't had time yet for extracurricular stuff . Wow . That 's so interesting you put it that way . We actually see your profile and the activity on it as integral to your participation here . This is how your coworkers , even the ones on the other side of campus , know who you are . Communication certainly isn 't extracurricular , right ? Right . Of course . We consider you a full knowable person of unlimited potential and a crucial member of the community . But you 're such an enigma . I am ? It 's been years since someone so shrouded in mystery started here . - Everyone really likes you . - Your work 's been exemplary . Strong ratings for your first week . Are you satisfied with your performance ? Uh , I think I can do better . Good , but it 's not all about work , okay ? - It 's all also about community . - Of course . It 's all connected . But you 've had a blip or two when it comes to meshing with the community , like your absence at several weekend or evening events . Which are , of course , optional . - I 'm sorry ? - GINA : Let 's start with this weekend . You left campus at 11 : 42 p.m. on Friday and got back 8 : 46 A.M. , Monday . Was there work on the weekend ? - Oh , no , no ! - I didn 't ... I 'm sorry . Oh , so sweet . There wasn 't mandatory work on the weekend . This isn 't like a clock in , clock out type place , thank God ! But , you know , there were thousands of people here participating in a hundred different activities . So many . I 'm sorry , I , um ... My dad had an ... an episode , and I was home helping out with that . I 'm so sorry to hear that . Is that related to his MS ? Uh ... yeah . We didn 't know anything about this incident . Did you reach out to any Circlers during this crisis ? - Annie ? Anybody ? - Uh , no . I ... No . Mae , there are four groups here for staffers dealing with MS , two of them for children of MS patients . Have you sought out a group ? - I didn 't know . - Okay . Can you ... talk about what you did the rest of the weekend ? Nothing , really . I just ... I kayaked . You kayaked ? With who ? Nobody . Just on my own . I kayak . We could have kayaked together . Nothing on your profile about kayaking , no smiles , no ratings , no posts . I 'm no psychologist , but this behavior sometimes stems from low self-worth . This is what participation is all about , bringing you , lifting you up . Thus , your participation window . I can 't believe you 've been here this long without being on the main social feed . You 're about to have your world rocked . See , these are all of last week 's messages . That 's why there 's so many . - ( STAMMERS ) Eight thousand ? - Mm-hm . Looks like you have a lot of catching up to do here . A feast ! - ( CHUCKLES ) - Have fun . Oh , forgot one more thing . This is your participation rank . Party rank for short . Some people here call it the popularity rank , but it 's not really that . It 's just an algorithm-generated number that takes into account all your activity in the inner circle . That makes sense ? - I think so . - Okay . And again , it 's just for fun . - It 's just for fun ! - Okay , bye . ( LAUGHS ) MAN : Um , I think it 's for Tuesday next week ? WOMAN : Is that in Building 74 or ... ? - MAN : Uh , no . It 's actually off campus . - WOMAN : Okay . ( TYPES ) MOM : It 's been a month . When are you coming home ? We miss you . I can 't . You know . How 's the dorm ? Do you have to clean your own room ? - We have people that do that . - Ooh , thank God . How 's Dad ? He 's okay . He ... he fell yesterday . And I couldn 't lift him up , but thank God Mercer came by . He 's stronger than I thought . I 'm sorry . I should have been there . Is that one of his ? - Yeah . I think it 's his best work . - It 's awesome . ( CAMERA CLICKS ) I gotta go , Mom . I love you . - Okay , well , bye . Bye . - Bye . ( TYPES ) I 'm so sorry about last week . I 've been up my own ass . ( CHUCKLES ) And I didn 't mean to be a shitty friend . It 's okay . Where are we going ? Listen , I 've been looking into your parents ' situation , and I think ... I have an idea . All right ? Yeah ? - Hi . - WOMAN : Hi . - This is Jessica . This is Mae . - Hello , Mae , how are you ? I understand you haven 't done your medical intake yet . - No . - Can you drink this for me ? All of it , if you can . - I told you about Mae 's dad 's ... - JESSICA : Mm-hm , multiple sclerosis . I did my post doc on MS. Love to get some real time data . Here you go . Okay . - How does this feel ? - Warm . - Is this for free ? - ( LAUGHS ) Of course . You get to keep it . So , it 's going to feel warm for a few days , then you and the media band will get used to each other , but it has to touch the skin to work . Waterproof . No need to take it off . Let 's activate it , shall we ? Is that the ... ? Well , it 's syncing up with the sensor you ingested a second ago . - And now ... - ( COMPUTER BEEPS ) - Let 's have you walk around the room . - ( SYSTEM BEEPING ) Briskly . It 'll collect data on your heart rate , blood pressure , cholesterol , sleep duration , sleep quality , digestive efficiency , on and on . And all that data is stored in the Cloud and in your tablet , anywhere you want , and of course , it 's all collated with the rest of the Circle . You 'd be amazed at the patterns we see and the problems we can avoid when we have all that data . Speaking of which , I was thinking it would make sense for ... ( CLEARS THROAT ) Mae 's folks to come on the Circle health plan . Uh , wait , what ? JESSICA : Wouldn 't be the first time , and I 'd really like to get real time data from your dad . - ( PATS CHAIR ) - Sit back down . Can you get in touch with HR , - clear it with them ? - ANNIE : Yep . - Tell them I say it 's a go . - Absolutely . We 'll send someone out to set them up , okay ? MOM : Honey , this is gonna save our lives . - Thank you . And thank Annie too . - ( CHUCKLES ) They thank you . - Aw . - ( LAUGHS ) This is amazing . Call you later , okay ? Okay . I gotta go . Big event here on campus . - Exciting . - I know . - I love you . - I love you , too . - Bye , Mom ! - ( LAUGHS ) Bye . - ( SOBS ) Thank you . - Oh . You 're welcome . All right . You okay ? - ( BOTH LAUGHING ) - Okay . Come on . ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) TOM : Openness is something we advocate here at the Circle . We live it . We demonstrate our commitment to openness every day . Our government , not so much . We expect openness , and we get obfuscation . We get doublespeak . No wonder Congress ' approval rating is currently at 11 percent . ( CROWD MURMURING ) Now , I 'm sure a lot of you have heard about a certain Senator who it was revealed has been involved in some ... very unsavory business . What are we to learn from this ? We need accountability . We need openness . We need to know what the people who represent us are doing with their time on our dime . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) To serve us better . Well , I 'm happy to report that there 's a woman who is taking all of this very seriously and is taking some pretty dramatic steps to address the problem . So please join me in welcoming Olivia Santos , Congresswoman for District 14 . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) SANTOS : That 's right , Tom . I am as concerned as you are about the need for citizens to know what their elected leaders are doing . So I intend to show exactly how democracy can and should be . Starting today , my every meeting , my every phone call and e-mail will be accessible to my constituents and to the world . - In real time ! - ( CROWD CHEERING ) It will all be on my True You page . That 's right . Thank you , thank you . TOM : Goodbye , backroom deals . Goodbye , shady lobbyists . Hello , democracy . Open and accountable ! SANTOS : That 's right . That 's a fact ! - WOMAN : Where do you work ? - MAE : I work in customer experience . I started in CE , too . A lot of us did . Cool . Where do you work now ? Biometrics , iris scanning , facial recognition . Right now , I 'm working on Child Track . The program protects children from predators . The second a kid isn 't where they 're supposed to be , an alert goes off and the kid can be tracked down within 90 seconds . - Wow . Do they wear a bracelet or ... ? - We place chips in the bone . ( LAUGHS ) Uh , you 're ... You 're serious ? I 'm serious about immediately reducing kidnapping , rape , and murder by 99 percent . I think I 'm going to get a drink . - But ... - Oh . - It was nice to meet you . - Nice to meet you . ( " ASSIYO BELLEMA " PLAYING ) - Hey . - Hey , check your e-mail - ' cause I sent you an invite . - Awesome . Thank you . All right . - Yeah , good to see you . - You too . - Hi , Mae ! How 's it going ? - Hey . - You having fun ? - Yeah , you ? ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah . ( " 18TH " PLAYING ) - Hey . - Hey . So , what did you think about the whole presentation ? - The Santos thing ? - Yeah . It 's exciting . It 's a ... - Momentous moment in the history of ... - Okay , what did you really think ? ( SIGHS ) I thought it was a bit much . - Just a little bit . - ( BOTH CHUCKLING ) So where does all the data go ? Is it stored somewhere ? In the Cloud ? There 's a physical place , too . Do you wanna see something ? ( SCANNER BEEPS ) ( BEEPS ) So you 're gonna have to leave your stuff outside before you go in . Just because you 're not supposed to ... you know . So I 'm just going to have to take ... this . And this . ( DOOR LOCK CLICKING ) ( MAE SIGHS ) I want to thank you already for this . I love following strangers down dark corridors . - This is the best . - Almost there . ( SCANNER BEEPS ) This holds Congresswoman Santos , every second of her from now on . And this will be the next one . - Just these ? - Oh , no . There 's more . What is this ? Well , it was supposed to be a part of a subway but they abandoned it . - Where does it go ? - It connects to the bay . But I 've traveled about a half a mile into it , gets too wet . ( WATER DRIPPING ) And that 's where the rest of it will be . - The rest of what ? - The rest of it all . Santos is just the start . The plan is everything recorded , seen , broadcast , all of it stored , analyzed , available to the Circle in any way . You did your health intake , right ? - Yeah . - See , right ? Look . Every step , every breath , all of it stored . They can use it however they see fit . We 're being studied . Everyone 's data in the Circle is being studied , monetized . It is voluntary . And isn 't that the whole point ? Having everything in one place ? I mean , that 's True You . That 's not why I invented True You . Not even close . Ty Lafitte invented True You . Yeah . I 'm Ty . No , you 're not . Ty Lafitte has been off the grid for years . - Oh , my God . - ( TY SIGHS ) I 'm Ty . Why the low profile ? I just wanted to move through this world like a normal person . I didn 't wanna be watched every second . But I do spend a lot of time here . It 's easier . I don 't have to deal with Stenton and Bailey . Not that I 'm privy to their conversations in their little sanctum . Holy shit . I 'm in a cave with Ty Lafitte . Wait , hold on . So when we met , you didn 't know who I was ? You never told me your name . And after a while , it was just weird to ask . ( CHUCKLES ) I knew I could trust you when I met you . I don 't know , I just thought to myself , this girl , she doesn 't have a cynical bone in her body . Reminds me of how I used to be . Listen , you can 't tell anyone that you were here . Okay ? That I brought you here . Okay . Things at the Circle , they need to change . Like what ? Connecting the world ? Insuring my parents ? You should be really proud of what you created . Look , proud ? Proud of what ? The disregard for privacy , the use of personal data for the accumulation of wealth and control ? I 'm not proud . This is not what I created . Do you think Senator Williamson being investigated by the FBI is just a coincidence ? We can 't be seen together , and you have to promise me . You can 't tell anyone that we were down here . ( CELL PHONE BUZZES ) Hello ? WOMAN : Mae , you have a visitor here to see you . In the lobby ? ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) - Hey . - Hey . - Are you okay ? - No , I 'm really not okay . Why didn 't you call , send a text ? Because I wanted to see you in person . I wanted to look you in the eyes . Okay . - Um , I 'll sign you in . - No , just wait , I ... - The stuff you posted about my work . - Your chandeliers ? Yeah . ( STAMMERS ) I know you meant well , but ... What 's the problem ? I thought I saw good stuff going up . They started calling me a deer killer . And then there 's a campaign to shut me down . I wasn 't even online . I was working . And when I checked my e-mail , there were death threats . I 'm sorry . Death threats , Mae . Obviously , I never meant for this to happen . But I ... I can fix it . ( MERCER SCOFFS ) Mae . Mae . Will you listen to me ? I can 't do this . I can 't be a part of this world that you 're creating . What are you talking about ? Jesus Christ , look at these people ! Does this really seem okay to you ? Why don 't you go kill some more deer , Mercer ? I never killed any deer . I don 't kill deer . Mercer , look , let 's not do this here . Let 's go upstairs . - I 'll figure it out . - Do you ever leave this place , Mae ? We used to go on adventures and have fun and see things , and you were brave and excited . And now it 's all filtered through this . Bye . ( SIRENS WAILING ) ( SIGHS ) ( DOG BARKING ) ( MAE PANTS ) - ( SHIP HORN BLARING ) - ( MAE SHRIEKS ) ( SCREAMING ) ( GRUNTS ) ( SOBS ) ( HELICOPTER PROPELLER WHIRRING ) I can 't believe I was so stupid . I 'm so lucky that you guys were around here . Luck ? Hell . " SeeChange " cameras saved your life . A Cop saw you go through the fence , and then we got a call from someone watching the seals . EAMON : So , Mae , how do you feel ? ( GLASS CLINKS ) MAE : Ashamed . I ... I barely slept . Well , I 'm just glad you 're safe . We all are . And everyone who watched your adventure online . I hope your folks weren 't too worried . They 're doing okay . I understand your father 's condition has improved . Very much . Mr. Bailey ... I want to say how much I value my position here ... and what you 've done for my family . Mae , you 're a valued part of the Circle , and you 're family . And we care about everybody you care about . You know , this incident has actually shown a lot of people the necessity for " SeeChange " . I 'm so glad those cameras were there . I wish you would 've known there was a camera there before you swiped that kayak , but ... ( CHUCKLES ) Mae , Tom and I want to talk you about an idea , but before we do , is there anything you want to tell us ? That I 've been here before ? It 's only our lies that get us in trouble , the things we hide . Of course I know you 've been in here before . ( LAUGHTER ) And now that I know your secret , do you feel better or worse ? Better . Relieved , actually . I am a believer in the perfectibility of human beings . When we are our best selves , the possibilities are endless . There isn 't a problem that we cannot solve . We can cure any disease and we can end hunger , and ... Without secrets , without the hoarding of knowledge and information , we can finally realize our potential . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) EAMON : This is a special Dream Friday . I thought I 'd change it up a bit today and not have a speech but an interview . I had a conversation with a young Circler the other day that I wanted to share with you . I 've asked Mae Holland , who some of you might know as one of our new guppies in customer experience , to join me today . Mae 's only been with us for a few months but she has made quite an impression . Let 's bring her out . Mae Holland ! ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) EAMON : Well , hi , Mae , how are you ? - Terrified . - Mm . - Don 't be nervous . - ( LAUGHTER ) - Easy for you to say . - ( LAUGHTER ) All right , Mae , we have all seen the " SeeChange " footage from the other night , but please describe what happened for us . I committed a crime . I borrowed a kayak without the owner 's knowledge , paddled out to the middle of the bay , and I wasn 't wearing a life jacket . Well , I 'm not sure that 's exactly a capital offense , but you did risk your own life . So , Mae , do you think you behave better or worse - when you are being watched ? - Better . Without a doubt . And what happens when you 're alone and unobserved ? Well , for starters , I steal kayaks . ( LAUGHTER ) Jesus . She 's a natural . Seriously . I do things I don 't wanna do . I lie . When we spoke the other day , you had a way of putting it that I thought was very interesting and succinct . Could you tell us all what you said ? I said that secrets are lies . Secrets are lies . Go on . Secrets are what make crimes possible . We behave worse when we 're not accountable . I was my worst self because I didn 't think anyone was watching . I thought ... that I was alone . So , what did you see on this kayaking trip , Mae ? - Was it beautiful ? - MAE : It was . There was almost a full moon . And it felt like ... it felt like I was paddling through liquid silver . Hmm , sounds incredible . But there 's no record of any of it . - Not outside my own memory . - Hmm . ( CROWD MURMURING ) Okay . So now here we get into something personal . As you know , I have a son , Gunner , who was born with cerebral palsy . And though he 's living a very full life and we 're always trying to improve his opportunities , he is confined to a wheelchair . He can 't walk . He can 't run . He can 't go kayaking . So , what does he do if he wants to experience something like that ? Well , he watches video . He looks at pictures . And much of his experiences of the world come through the experience of others . When he experiences the view of a Circler climbing Mount Kenya , he feels like he 's climbed Mount Kenya . When he sees firsthand video from an America 's Cup crew member , he feels in some way that he 's sailed in the America 's Cup too . And these experiences were facilitated by generous humans who shared what they saw with the world , my son included , and there are many others out there that are just like Gunner . Now does it feel right to have deprived them of seeing what you saw , Mae ? It doesn 't . It feels very wrong . It was selfish . When you deprive others of experiences like the ones I had , you 're essentially stealing from them . Knowledge is a basic human right . Access to all possible human experience is a basic human right . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) Thank you , Mae , for your candor and your consummate humanity . Now ... now the best part . In the interest of sharing everything she can with the world , Mae has , uh ... Mae has some news . From now on ... I 'll be wearing a modified " SeeChange " camera at all times . I 'm going fully transparent . ( AUDIENCE CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) Well , maybe not in the bathroom . ( LAUGHTER ) I 'll be starting immediately . EAMON : That 's right . Mae will be the first Circler to share every single second of her work and her personal life with the public , so let 's give her an even bigger hand ! ( APPLAUSE CONTINUES ) I 'm proud of you . ( ALL CHANT ) Mae ! Mae ! Mae ! Mae ! Mae ! Mae ! Mae ! Mae ! ( ALARM CLOCK RINGING ) - ( CAMERA CLICKS ) - OPERATOR : Hello . Good morning , everyone . The sun is shining , and I definitely need my coffee . We are in my third week of transparency , and we 're up to ... 2,308,007 viewers . Wow . Did I tell you guys I 'm not a morning person ? Okay , among all of those viewers ... are ... - MOM : I don 't even know what ... - Hi , Mom , hi , Dad . - Hi ! - Hi , Mae . Say hello to everyone . - BOTH : Hello , Circle . - ( MAE LAUGHS ) Look . We match . - Yeah . - We sure do . - These are great . - Very stylish . I love you guys . I 'll see you later . - Love you . Bye . - Love you too , sweetheart . - Hello , Circlers . - ALL : Hi , Mae . So this is where I worked when I first arrived at the Circle , and this is where I still work at the Circle . ( CHUCKLES ) Because even though I have you guys looking over my shoulder ... ( SIGHS ) I 'm still basically a guppy . - ( LAUGHS ) Go ! Do it ! - Do it ! Do it ! Do it ! - ( GROWLS ) - Oh , my God ! ( LAUGHS ) MAN : What are you doing ? Tell your own stories , sheep . Stop looking at us , sheep ! All right , that 's our scene . - ( CROWD APPLAUDING , CHEERING ) - Whoo ! Sorry about that . Okay , so , next up , we just need the name of a person who is historically significant . - Mae Holland ! ( LAUGHS ) - Oh , my God ! Sorry , we don 't know who that is . - She 's nobody , trust me . - ( LAUGHTER ) Home sweet home . Speaking of which , let 's check in with the folks . Hey , where are you guys ? - ( MOANS ) - Yeah . - Yeah . There you go . - Whoa ! Ah ! Um ... ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Uh , I hope the engineers are watching , because that definitely shouldn 't have happened ( CHUCKLES ) And , um , it definitely won 't happen again . ( LAUGHS ) - You can trust me there . - ( MAE 'S DAD MOANING ) ( LAUGHS ) This is me brushing my teeth . If you 're enjoying this , I 'm worried about you . ( WATCH BEEPS ) ( EXHALES ) Good night , everyone . I 'm not gonna lie , it was a crazy day , but I 'm happy I had you with me , each and every one of you . MAE : Never a boring day here . A lot of you guys have been asking me about this sculpture , which is a treat for me . I finally get to use my art history degree . This was made by an artist who has frequently been in trouble in his own country . I wanna thank all the watchers who sent frowns to the government there , both for their persecution of the artist and for their restriction on Internet freedoms . We have sent 180 million frowns from the U.S. alone . You can bet that 's gonna have an effect on the regime . Annie . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) MAE : Annie . Annie ! Annie ! Annie ! Annie Allerton ! ( PANTS ) Are we alone ? I have three minutes to use the bathroom without the video on . ( SCOFFS ) Pervs . How are you ? ( CHUCKLES ) - Good . - Well ... you should be good . You 're killing it . Do you think ? Oh , come on , false modesty won 't work here . You should be psyched . Yeah . - I am . - You 're a meteor . It 's insane . People are coming to me trying to get to you . ( CHUCKLES ) It 's ... crazy . How are you really , Annie ? You look wiped . Thanks , Mae . You know how much I like to be told right after I appear in front of your millions that I look terrible . Thank you , you 're sweet . Let me take you for dinner . ( SIGHS ) You gotta eat sometime . Your camera and me looking so terrible . That sounds fantastic , but , no . I just ... ( STUTTERS ) I 'm worried about you . - You 're working too hard . - You 're worried about me ? You 're ... I 'm worried about the EU , but it 's good to know you 're worried about me . - I didn 't mean it that way . - Don 't worry in any way . - I know you can handle it . - Oh , thank you , Mae . Your confidence in me will be the wind beneath my wings . How are your parents ? Sorry . ( EXHALES ) They 're over that little ... episode ? I haven 't heard from them , actually . ( SNIFFS ) I guess it 'll just take some time . Sorry , Mae . Shit . I 'm fried . And I have to pull another all-nighter . Stenton is on my ass all the time . I shouldn 't have questioned him about that whole Senator Williamson thing . And then ... there 's all the new work on Completion . But I assume Bailey told you about that . Of course . ANNIE : Of course . I 'll be there at the Concept Kingdom meeting tomorrow . What ? - There 's a Concept Kingdom ... - I know what it is . But you 're going ? - Yeah . Bailey said I should be there . - And broadcast it ? - Is that a problem ? - No . I 'm just surprised , that 's all . Those meetings are sensitive . You know , maybe he 's planning on having you attend just the beginning . ( CHUCKLES ) I mean , Mae , you 're in over your head . MAE : Are you leaving ? Yeah . ( CLEARS THROAT ) I 'm really so far behind on everything , I could just die . Annie ? - ( CAMERA CHIMES ) - OPERATOR : Hello . See ya . EAMON : So here 's how many people voted in the last national election . Here 's how many were eligible to vote . And here is how many Americans are registered in the Circle . - ( LAUGHTER ) - And there 's that guy . So now we get down to the meat of today 's session , something we 've discussed with Congresswoman Santos and others . What if ... your Circle profile automatically registered you to vote ? With True You , in order to set up a profile , you have to be a real person with a real address , the complete personal info , real social security number , with all the information that the government wants when you register to vote . So why wouldn 't the state consider you already registered when you open a Circle account ? There 's no reason . Uh , we 've got verbal commitments from governors of almost every state , and they 've agreed to push for legislation that would make your Circle account an automatic path to voter registration . MAN : Bravo . I think it 's a great idea . Well , yes , Mae . Why couldn 't we take it one step further ? I mean , I ... I don 't have it completely figured out yet ... No , no , no , go on , go on , go on . You started really well there . I like those words , " one step further . " It 's how the company was built . Okay . Working backwards from your goal ... Go on . We all agree 100 percent participation is what we 'd like . A hundred percent participation is the ideal . That 's the idealist 's ideal , yes . And we already have 83 percent of voting-age Americans registered to the Circle . Yep . And it seems we 're on our way to users being able to register it and maybe actually vote through their Circle account . Well , that 's a small leap , but ... Yes . Okay , go on . Why not require every voting-age citizen to have a Circle account ? - ( ALL MURMURING ) - Let her finish . Let her finish . Okay , I know the initial reaction will be resistance . I mean , how can we require anyone to use our services ? But there are all kinds of things that are mandatory for citizens of this country . Yep . We have to pay taxes we don 't wanna pay . And we have to pay for Social Security . - We have to serve on juries . - Right . And we have to pee indoors , not on the street . ( CHUCKLES ) - We do . We do have to be pee indoors . - She 's right . I mean , we have thousands of laws . We require citizens to do hundreds of things , but we don 't require them to vote ? They are already doing this in dozens of countries . With the technology we already have , users will already be registered . That means you have 241 million voters eligible to vote . You have 241 million voters that have to vote . You have the full will of the nation . - And how exactly do we do that ? - Annie . Well , you know , it could be something as simple as a zing , " Hey , Annie . Remember to take five minutes and vote . " It 's what we would do with our own surveys . You know that . - But , Mae , what about stragglers ? - We all pay taxes . And what , 80 percent of us did that online last year . Why not stop duplicating services ? Why not just make it all part of one unified system ? You could pay your taxes , vote , pay your parking ticket , all through your Circle account . We 'd save users hundreds of hours of inconvenience . - We 'd save the government billions . - Hundreds of billions . We could eliminate half of it overnight . Why wouldn 't the government just build a similar service ? Why the hell does it need us ? It would cost too much . They don 't have the expertise . - We already have the infrastructure . - EAMON : You 're absolutely right . The government needs us more than we need them . Imagine having the full will of the people . Instantly . You 'd have ... true democracy for the first time in human history . - ANNIE : This is such bullshit . - ( DOOR OPENS ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) No voter suppression . You 're voting from home . Think of the implications for totalitarian regimes . No more rigged elections . The UN can demand that they 're held through the Circle . - But only if everyone is heard . - ( MURMURING ) Every human on Earth . We can take the pulse of the nation , everyone in the world in seconds on any subject . - It 's the only way , right ? - Right . ALL : Yeah ! So it looks like I 've got 20 minutes here . Let 's try Mom and Dad . - ( LINE RINGING ) - MAN 1 : Hey , Mae , what 's up ? - Hi . - ( LAUGHTER ) - Hey , where have you been ? - Mae . I 've seen your cameras aren 't working . I can send Tech out ... Yeah , we disconnected them . - Sweetheart ... - ( SIGHS ) We 're sorry , but we , we can 't keep doing this . It 's ... Well , it 's more than we ever ... MOM : You know we love you , and we don 't wanna ... - We love you . We love you . - We have to have our privacy . And we 're worried you don 't realize what you 've gotten yourself into . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't mean to hurt you . - DAD : It 's not you . It 's us . - No , we know that . - Yeah , it 's us . - We just need you to understand that . ( SIGHS ) - I love you . - We love you too . Bye , honey . ( SNIFFLES ) - MAN : You 're the one , Mae ! - WOMAN : You 're changing the world , Mae ! ( SIGHS ) ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) ( MAN HOOTING ) - Hello , everyone . I 'm Mae Holland . - ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) ( LAUGHS ) Okay . We 've had some good weeks thinking about Completion , envisioning a day when everyone is in the Circle , when all of humanity is connected and united . And it will happen . Already , 22 nations have agreed in principle to operate their elections through the Circle with mandatory participation from all of its citizens . ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) And when everyone is united , everyone is known , heard , accountable , they can be better served . But what about the people who aren 't part of the Circle , who don 't want to be woven into the fabric of society or worse , want to tear out that fabric ? I want to introduce Soul Search . And we 're putting it to the test in front of the entire Circle audience , here and globally . Do you feel ready ? - WOMAN : Hell , yeah ! - ( ALL CHEERING ) TOM : You went well so far . Great . In seconds , the computer will select , at random , a fugitive from justice , a proven menace to our global community . Our assertion is that whoever he or she is , Soul Search will locate them in under 20 minutes . - WOMAN : Wow . - ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) Let 's select that fugitive . Okay . This is Fiona Highbridge , 44 years old born in Manchester , England . She was convicted of triple murder in 2004 . She locked her three children in the closet and went on holiday to Spain . ( CROWD MURMURING ) They all starved . She was sent to prison in England but escaped with the help of a guard who she apparently seduced . Over a billion people are watching . Let 's see how many are in the UK . Do you all think 14 million Brits and a billion global participants worldwide can find Fiona Highbridge in under 20 minutes ? - ( CROWD CHEERING ) - WOMAN : Yeah ! MAN : Yeah ! All right . Let 's bring up the clock . Good . - Is everyone ready ? - ( CROWD CHEERING ) On your mark ... get set ... go ! ( CROWD CONTINUOUSLY CHEERING ) ( LAUGHTER ) Okay , time to get serious . WOMAN : I 've got her , Mae . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) That 's her . Be careful . I will . - ( CROWD CHEERING ) - MAN : Whoa ! MAN : Whoa ! WOMAN : Fiona ! Stop ! - Follow her . - Stop her ! Somebody stop her ! She 's a killer ! Stop her ! Somebody stop her ! - WOMAN : Go ! - MAN : Grab her ! Stop her ! Somebody grab her ! - TOM : She must be kept safe . - Keep her safe . - It 's Fiona Highbridge ! - FIONA : No ! No ! No ! ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) MAN : All right . Watch it . FIONA : No . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Stop the clock . WOMAN : Soul Search , baby ! - I guess that 's it . - ( CROWD CHEERING AND APPLAUDING ) WOMAN : Let 's do another ! We could . - Um ... - TOM : Maybe not a fugitive this time . Let 's try for a regular civilian . Okay , everyone . We 're gonna find a regular person . It can be anyone . A relative , a lost love . When everyone can be found , we can never lose a friend . We can take a suggestion from the audience . - Uh ... anyone ? - WOMAN : Find Mercer ! ( LAUGHTER , HOOTING ) I 'm pretty sure he doesn 't wanna be found . ( CHUCKLES ) - Anyone else ? - MAN : Where 's Mercer ? TOM : No , Mae , this is what Soul Search is all about as well as Completion . Other suggestions ? - WOMAN : Let 's try Mercer . - ( CROWD ) Mercer ! Mercer ! Mercer ! It 's the whole point of Soul Search , Mae . No . ( CROWD ) Mercer ! Mercer ! - Mercer ! Mercer ! Mercer ! - MAE : No , no , no , no . No , I ... TOM : Mae , this is the right choice . EAMON : Wait . Hey , everybody . - ( CROWD CHEERING AND APPLAUDING ) - EAMON : Hey . I think it 's time we reunited Mae and Mercer , don 't you ? ( CROWD CHEERING ) All right then . And through the power of the Circle , let 's bring them back together again , okay ? The perfect use of Soul Search . Let 's find your friend . ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) Go , Mae , now . Okay . So our second Soul Search today involves not a fugitive from justice , but you might say a fugitive from , um ... a friendship . ( LAUGHTER ) This is my friend Mercer . I haven 't seen him in a while . I 'd love to see him again . Like Fiona , though , he is someone who is trying not to be found , but unlike Fiona , he 's not a criminal . He 's good , people . Let 's see if we can break our previous record . Whoo ! ( BREATHES HEAVILY ) - ( CROWD CHEERING ) - MAN : Oh , yeah . Unbelievable . Can you believe that ? Yes ! MAN : Do you think he 's in here ? - Mercer ! - MAN : Mercer ! Mercer , are you in there ? Are you , like , killing deer , making chandeliers ? ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) WOMAN : Mercer , we know you 're in there . We see your truck . It 's right here . - MAN : I think he 's in there . - Fine . Let 's go around . - WOMAN : Oh , my God , he 's in there ! - ( CROWD LAUGHING ) Mercer , come out . He 's gotta be here . Remember to be nice , okay ? Mercer , we know you 're in there . You found where he is . You did it . I think we should leave . TOM : No , Mae , stay on this . You 've got millions of people enjoying this . WOMAN : There he is . There he is . There he is . We just got Mercer . I cannot believe this . WOMAN : There he is ! He 's in the driveway ! ( ENGINE STARTING ) MERCER : Leave me alone ! Jesus Christ ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( CROWD CONTINUOUSLY CHEERING ) ( MOTORCYCLE REVIVING ) ( WHISPERS ) You 're kidding me . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Can someone please get me audio on the camera ? Mercer . Mercer , stop driving . It 's just me . Mercer , stop the truck . You 're surrounded by friends . ( CAR HONKING ) Can we turn the speaker up ? Mercer . Can you hear me ? Mercer , it 's me . ( WHISPERS ) You 're surrounded by friends . ( CROWD MURMURING ) Mercer , stop . ( GRUNTS ) ( SCREAMS ) ( BIRDS CHIRPING ) - ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) - ( DOOR OPENS ) MOM : How you doing , sweetie ? You 've been in bed for three days . Come out in the garden with me today , okay ? I 've got some new snapdragons that need to be planted . Okay ? Honey . Oh , honey . - ( SNIFFLES ) - Oh . - Oh . - ( SOBS ) ANNOUNCER : ( OVER RADIO ) The California Department of Motor Vehicles has proposed regulation that self-driving cars should be required to have a licensed driver inside . Is that a good principle ? MAN : Yeah , I mean , I think obviously , where technology is today that is a good principle , and of course , we would not suggest putting something unsafe on the road . That 's why we have fed ... ( SIGHS ) ( LINE RINGING ) Mae . Where are you ? - Are we alone ? - Yes . Are we ? Yes . How is it daytime where you are ? Wait , you 're in Scotland . Yep , I went home . Can you see ? What happened ? What , besides almost ODing on speed and Soylent ? Well , I found out I 'm allergic to wheat . ( BOTH CHUCKLING ) Um ... I don 't know . I guess I almost died ? Oh , come on , no , don 't . Don 't make me cry . Come on . No . I 'm not going to cry anymore . You getting better there ? Yeah , I am . I eat . I look out the window . I come out here , and I think I daydream . Hadn 't done that in years . I 'm glad you called . I didn 't want to lose you , too . I know . Listen , Mae , I 'm really , really sorry about Mercer . And I 'm a shit friend . I should 've said something sooner . I should 've , and I 'm sorry . It 's just so horrible . Have they spoken to you about it ? Not yet . I 'm going in tomorrow . Uh-huh . They ask for forgiveness and never for permission . They have to go . They 've broken a hundred laws . They 've made me suffer a thousand regulations . There 's got to be a way to ... What ? Stop people doing bad shit ? ( SCOFFS ) Yeah . Do you need some time away here , too ? I 've got an extra bed if you want it . ( CHUCKLES ) This feels so good , just being with you . - Even like this . - Yeah . Yeah . I know . This is going to sound crazy . But ... I keep having this feeling that ... Mercer would still be here if we hadn 't lost touch . No , come on , what were you supposed to do ? I mean , you know , he drifted away . It happens . Yes , but we have this technology , all this power . Well , I mean , technology didn 't exactly help the situation . What if it could ? ( COFFEE MAKER CLANKING ) MOM : Hey , your dad woke up at 4 : 00 this morning , and your light was still on . What were you doing in your room ? Were you on the phone ? It helped . I have friends all over the world . They care . Mm . - I spoke to Annie . - MOM : How is she ? Good . Better . I realized how much I missed her . I have to go back . Go back where ? Not to the Circle . The Circle didn 't kill Mercer , Mom . It was a bad tool , a bad system . It ... It can be fixed . We 're not gonna become Amish , Mom . I ... When someone dies in a plane crash , you don 't abandon planes , you make them safer . - Mae , at least wait a bit . - ( SIGHS ) I 'm the only one who can do this . I 'm sorry . I love you . ( LINE RINGING ) - TY : Hello ? - MAE : Hey , it 's me . Mae . How are you holding up ? MAE : Better , actually . I 'm coming in to see them today . - But I need your help . - Sure . Name it , anything you need . EAMON : We were worried when we didn 't hear from you for so long . TOM : We were very concerned . No contact for four days . Your camera was off . How are you doing ? I 'm okay . Tom and I have been talking about how little we knew about this young man Mercer . He 's someone we should have been able to help . A fund should be established for his family . Yeah , absolutely , that 's done . Listen , Mae , we would like to offer you a new role here at the Circle with no formal obligation , maybe a lighter schedule . You can choose your own projects , and you can think long-term . - You could take pottery , if you wanted . - ( TOM LAUGHS ) I don 't know if you 're aware of this , - but one of our founders , Ty Lafitte ... - Yeah . Was given the same opportunity , and now he loves his freedom . And I don 't know if this is any consolation , but at our next Dream Friday ... ( STAMMERS ) We 're going to imagine a world in which every disturbed young man could be kept safe . Would you like to join us ? I 'm not sure I 'm ready for that . But ... thanks for the invitation . Take your time . ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) ( CELL PHONE BUZZING ) I did what you asked . You won 't believe the shit I found . It 's worse than I could 've imagined . And , and look , Mae , I 'm so sorry . I never met him , but they should build a monument to Mercer . - Yeah . - I mean , this ... this changes everything . Okay , he 's the martyr who will wake everyone up , right ? I don 't know what you 're planning , but if you turn that camera back on , whatever you say about the Circle is heard around the world , and it changes everything . OPERATOR : Hello . Hello again . - Hi ! - Hey , Mae . And that is how it should have been , how it could 've been , but we didn 't have the technology . But we will . And when we do , when every vehicle is known and connected , the data we have will help us improve traffic patterns , keep drivers safe , and optimize Circle services across all platforms . Shopping . Lodging . Attractions . Attractions like Mae Holland . - Mae , come on out here . - ( CROWD CHEERING ) Come on out here . Gosh , Mae . Oh , you 're transparent again . Look at that . Hello , hello . Mae Holland . - ( CROWD CHEERING ) - MAN : Welcome back , Mae ! Now , Mae is a brave person because even amid her grieving , she knows that she has a responsibility to her followers , to the whole world , really . Thanks for saying that , Eamon . And I couldn 't agree with you more . I know that Tom , he agrees , too . - Right , Tom ? You want to come out ? - ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) - Come on . - There you are . First , I want to thank everyone here and around the world for the support you 've given me since we lost Mercer . These past days , I 've realized something about myself and about the Circle . It 's that I don 't want to be disconnected . I don 't want to have to search for friends , family , my loved ones . We lost track of Mercer . But what if we never lost touch with each other ? What if instead of searching ... we always knew ? What I am proposing is radical openness and unbroken connection . It would have to start here . - ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) - Mm-hm . You know the usual hypocrisy of the digital world . We want everything in the Cloud , and yet our leaders ... live above it . So I want to invite Eamon and Tom to join me in this experiment that they 've pioneered . I invite them to set an example for the Circle and the world ... to go transparent . ( CROWD CHEERING , APPLAUDING ) What do you say , guys ? Will you join me ? Wouldn 't it be great to know their every move , their every word ? From now on , every message , meeting , phone call , all will be public , knowable , never erased . In fact , Ty Lafitte has helped us make every document in the company 's history public . Every message , every plan including ... And this is my favorite part , every e-mail , from Tom and Eamon 's accounts , and their private accounts ... ( CROWD MURMURING ) And their secondary confidential accounts . ( CHUCKLES ) And even their super-secret scrambled code accounts , that nobody , not even their assistants or wives knew existed . Until now . It 's all been sent to you already . ( MURMURING ) We are so fucked . I think we 're entitled to that kind of access . Don 't you ? - ALL : Yeah . - ( HOOTING ) Mae , you are a very brave woman to do this . There are no more secrets . Privacy was a temporary thing . And now it 's over . We won 't live in the shadows anymore . Hey . Good timing . ( CHUCKLES ) ( CELL PHONES BEEPING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTERING ) Thank you . Thank you . I 'm tired of hiding , these passwords and secret knocks , the difference between public and private . Aren 't you all ? Come to think of it , I 'm tired of standing here in the dark . Don 't worry . Eamon will catch up . Or maybe he won 't . Either way , it 's time for a change . We 're gonna remake this place . And if we do it right , we will set an example for everyone . The future won 't wait . ( WAVES SPLASHING ) Hello . ♪ ' Tis the gift to be simple ♪ ♪ ' Tis the gift to be free ♪ ♪ ' Tis the gift to come down ♪ ♪ Where we ought to be ♪ ♪ And when we find ourselves ♪ ♪ In the place just right ♪ ♪ To bow and to bend ♪ ♪ We shan 't be ♪ ♪ Ashamed ♪ ♪ To turn , turn ♪ ♪ Will be our delight ♪ ♪ To bow and to bend ♪ ♪ We shan 't be ♪ ♪ Ashamed ♪ ♪ To turn , turn ♪ ♪ Will be our delight ♪ ♪ To bow and to bend ♪ ♪ We shan 't be ♪ ♪ Ashamed ♪ ♪ To turn , turn ♪ ♪ Will be our delight ♪ ♪ To bow and to bend ♪ ♪ We shan 't be ♪ ♪ Ashamed ♪ ♪ To turn , turn ♪ ♪ Will be our delight ♪ ♪ ' Tis the gift to be simple ♪ ♪ ' Tis the gift to be free ♪ ♪ ' Tis the gift to come down ♪ ♪ Where we ought to be ♪ ♪ And when we find ourselves ♪ ♪ In the place just right ♪
