 Hey little guy Want some , huh ? Artificial ? Of course it 's artificial Ouch ! What the hell was that ? I believe they 're quite expensive Yeah , I , uh , got a license I bet you do But that 's not why I 'm here Painful living in fear , isn 't it ? See what was that ? Nothing 's worse than having an itch you can never scratch Is this some kind of joke ? You 're going to die soon , Andy Okay , I don 't know what kind of sick game you 're playing But , if you don 't leave me alone I 'm gonna call the cops You were seven years old and playing in a park A dog starts to bark It 's a doberman pinscher Its teeth are longer than your fingers You look around for your mom , but she 's gone Your heart is beating so fast you can feel it pounding in your chest You try to run But your legs don 't work My legs I can 't feel my legs You close your eyes and scream Suddenly the dog bites your shoulder It feels like your arm is being ripped off ! It was , it was just my mother Well Only you would know that , wouldn 't you ? How do you know this ! ? Allow me to introduce myself I 'm John Kampff - - B73194 You 're a cop ? No And you , you 're Andy Smith , janitor Married once , no kids Your wife left you for a certain J.F. Sebastian Yeah , two years ago Now that 's funny What 's funny ? It 's an inside joke No one would leave , even you , for J.F I 'm gonna go What 's the matter , Andy ? My hands ... I ... I can 't feel , my , my hands No , I suspect you can 't Your body should be shutting down any moment now You 're not making any sense You 're a Replicant , Andy No There is no dog in your past No wife Only four years of dirty floors and overflowing toilets I would know if I was a Replicant No No , you wouldn 't What are you ? Some organ harvester ? No Why are you doing this to me ? Look It 's all just corporate bullshit And I am just the broom that sweeps the mistake under the carpet You 're going to kill me ? The whole of Nexus 3 is scheduled for retirement How do you even know I am a Replicant ? It 's in your eyes Death It 's how I know that you 're a Replicant I can see it in your eyes They just start ... dissolving What difference does it make ? Whether my memories Are created , if they were accumulated at once What difference does it make ? I am still alive ! You 're designed to say that ? No , I have choice . I can decide what to say , what to do If I was just some kind of mechanical clock Why would I be programmed to deny it ? What possible use is a clock that lies ? Listen to me , listen , listen . Please . You have made You have made a terrible mistake Please ... please What 's that ? You 're not born You don 't grow up You don 't die of old age or illness You just wear out like Ants But hey You 've had a good life ? Perfect health , perfect senses , 20 / 20 vision While the rest of us are stuck here No I have a lifetime of memories No Yeah She took me to the zoo We didn 't give you that memory There was no dog That 's not in here My mother Held my hand Just shut up !
