 Captain 's log , stardate 6892.3 . Admiral McGuinness ... has ordered us to respond to a distress call from Hyalinus , an inhabited asteroid with a limited warp-capable society . Admiral , isn 't the Yorktown near the Banneker Belt ? She was scheduled to patrol near that system , but Command rerouted her to Aldebaran ... along with the Republic ... to investigate the loss of the Hood . - They find anything ? - Never got the chance . Both ships suffered baffle plate ruptures shortly after they arrived . Both ships ? Fortunately , there were no fatalities . They 'll have to be rebuilt . The crews 'll need to be treated for radiation exposure . Funny ... We 've got a student here at Starfleet Medical who insists we try a new bexarotene-G treatment she heard about from an old mentor of hers . Well , not THAT old . How is Ms. Chapel 's doctorate coming along ? She 's one of our best and brightest .. But be careful . She just might take your job one day . I might just let her have it . Admiral , did the Hyalini specify the nature of their crisis ? Something of global proportions . Diplomacy is of utmost importance , but so is caution . They 've refused outside contact for centuries . We know almost nothing about them . So , you want us to speak softly and keep a big stick handy . And Jim ... Take good care of that ship and her outstanding crew , you hear ? With everything I 've got , admiral . What the devil was he wearing ? No idea . But you 'll never get me in one of those things . Oh , it 's not so bad . Drab , boring color palette ... I think it would complement Mr. Spock quite well , don 't you think ? What is it , Bones ? She 's in my spot . I 'm sorry ! I ... It 's all right , counselor . There 's always plenty of room on the bridge for one more to keep Spock in line . Whatever this is about , it 's gotta be pretty serious for a hermit race to ask for outside help . - " Hermit race , " doctor ? - That 's right , Spock . Hermit race . Don 't tell me there 's a term that computer brain of yours doesn 't know . I am merely surprised at your use of an abstruse and antiquated colloquialism . The more obvious and accurate word is clearly " xenophobic . " - Tomato , tomahto . - I fail to see how pronouncing ... Call it off , gentlemen . We 've got work to do . Coordinates locked , Scotty ? Can you believe they only use text transmissions ? I 'm still waitin ' for an open transporter window ! " Transporter window " ? Aye ! In their orbital defense system . Without a window , matter-energy beams to the surface are automatically scrambled . " Scrambled " ? As in " turned into a pile of mush " ? Aye . Their global defense grid is downright impractical . It 's a miracle they can see the stars at night with all the weapon-barges they 've got flying ' about ! And can you imagine the maintenance , lads ? Gee , I hope they 're friendly . They would be well-served to hope the same of you , doctor . Ah ! There 's the green light ! Energize . Please . Space . The final frontier . These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise . Its continuing mission : to explore strange new worlds . To seek out new life and new civilizations . To boldly go where no man has gone before . Original Sync and corrections by masaca Resync : CAUDILHO ® - Fascinating . - Are you seeing what I 'm seeing ? Or , more accurately , what we are NOT seeing . Could our eyes have been affected during transport ? Readings are normal , Jim . But I 'm not ruling out that damn thing putting us back together wrong . Greetings ! Welcome , my friends , to Hyalinus . We are honored by your visit to our world . I am Galisti ... leader of the Inner Council . And this is Thaius , our newly-appointed ambassador to the Federation . You see ! I told you they 'd be Hyanoid bipeds . I must admit , I was expecting a tentacle or two . And you must be the commander of that magnificent ship orbiting above . James Kirk . Captain of the United Starship Enterprise . This is my chief surgeon , Dr. Leonard McCoy . A pleasure to meet you both . And my first officer , Commander Spock . You 're different from the others ! Are you an Earth female ? Madam , my appearance differs from the others because I am Vulcan . If our human females looked like THAT , we 'd go extinct ! Oh ! Please forgive my foolishness . I apologize if I 've caused any offense . Madam , since I do not believe differences in gender render one inferior to the other , not only would it be illogical for me to find offense in your comment , but to do so itself would represent a grievous insult to YOU . What an improbable contradiction ! Kindness and gallantry revealed by pure , calculated reason . Remarkable ! And I ... too caught up with the excitement of the moment to notice anything but your ears . How often we look , but forget to see . Oh , Galisti . You might be wise to replace your ambassador to the Federation immediately . Don 't be so hard on yourself , my dear . They ARE still here . I hope I do not offend by asking , but ... do all Hyalini politicians get along so well ? Sadly , no . But Galisti and I have the advantage of being very old friends . Who one day realized that we had fallen in love . What a fortunate man I am ... to be able to call my " friend " ... my " wife . " Council leader , I must ask . Has your world always looked ... like this ? Like what ? Well ... It is as it has always been . Gentlemen . As the first outsiders ever to be invited to our world , your presence should be a momentous occasion for my people . But alas , it is a regrettable one . Regrettable ... because this is not when our isolation was meant to end ... nor HOW it was to end . Hundreds of years ago , the people of Hyalinus united in a single purpose ... to one day become worthy to join the community of stars . To us , that meant seeking out the best in each other and ourselves . Laying down arms against each other ... erasing our borders ... and refusing to be defined by distinctions like " us " and " them . " A sublime hope : The Hope ... of the Hyalini . But alas , fate has intervened . And so today the hand of my people is not one that is held up proudly to the stars , but merely is a hand held OUT . Please , come . The Inner Council is waiting . Please ! Spock , can you explain our vision ? In fact , I can . An unusual form of radiation emitted by their sun unlike anything I 've encountered . It impairs the function of cone cells in humanoid eyes . Cone cells allow us to see color . - Correct , doctor . - Makes sense , Jim . Good work , Spock . Continue scanning . This isn ´ t right . The Inner Council is the uppermost tier of the United Parliament , representing all regions on Hyalinus . Its five members are chosen by ... They just got here , and already you 're torturing them with civics ! Oh , dear ... This woman is the meanest , toughest teacher there is . I have the scars to prove it . Sekara started out as my most obstinate student and soon became my finest . She now interns for the Inner Council . And she likes to credit her teaching as the root of all my achievements . What a great privilege for your first guests to be greeted by such an intelligent and beautiful woman . You had no right , Galisti ! You had no right to bring them here ! You 've destroyed us all ! Do you hear me ? ! You 've destroyed your entire race ! We will be destroyed only if we refuse to accept help ! She may be right , Tomiat . Shame , Thaius ! A true believer would rather die than see the Hope corrupted ! Will he live ? Tomiat is unharmed , I assure you . He is merely unconscious , and shall awaken shortly . I apologize . You should never have witnessed that . Show them . It 's the first symptom . The disease progresses rapidly . Sekara will ... I will not live beyond the year . This is why you sent the distress call . We are on a path to extinction . From disease ... and soon starvation . Our crops have stopped growing . May I ? It 's not contagious . That much we know . We don 't know what it is ... only what it is NOT . It 's not the result of any known poison . It 's not a virus and it 's not a bacterium , spore , or parasitic organism . I 've been doing research on the disease as part of my medical training . I 'm ... I was going to be a physician . Bones ? It 's definitely related to the radiation that Spock detected , but I can 't confirm a prognosis without running more tests . And for that , we need to be in sickbay . Sickbay ? On your vessel ? Is that a problem ? We would prefer that she stay here . Our medical facilities ... If she returns to the ship with us , - she 'll be shielded from the radiation . - I can quickly diagnose ... - Will she see color ? - But Doctor ... Unknown , captain . - If she does ... - We would do nyything . the results could be traumatic . This is the best action avaliable to us . Besides ... If your medical facilities were sufficient , you 'd already know what was killing your people . Take good care of her . She is precious to us . You have my word . With your permission , I 'd like Mr. Spock to remain behind - and continue gathering information . - Of course . I will keep the transporter window open until his departure . - They love you very much . - We are like family . Dr. McCoy ... Sekara . When you arrive on board our ship , your eyes may work differently . It may frighten you , but I promise you 'll be safe . Do you understand ? Are you all right , Sekara ? Do you see anything ... strange ? No . Everything looks ... Wha ... What ... What is that ? ! I 'm Chief Engineer Scott , lass ! Captain ! - It 's all right ! It 's called " color . " - Just try to stay calm . I ... I don 't ... I ... Is it alive ? Look at me ! Look at me . Keep your eyes on me . I know it 's strange and frightening ... but you 're completely safe . I promised , didn 't I ? So the cause of the illness and the monochromatic vision are one and the same ? Took a millenium or so for the star 's radiotoxins to reach levels high enough to induce acute radiation syndrome . I 've started Sekara 's treatment ... but it 's too soon to tell . How is she otherwise ? She 's a million questions a minute . " Color " this and " color " that ! I might have to sedate her just so I can get some peace and quiet . Sekara is likely the first resident of Hyalinus to see color in over a millenium . Even with their limited space travel , their shielding technology does not filter out the solar radiation responsible for suppressing color vision . As for its effects on the population , the illness will reoccur unless further exposure to the solar radiation can be prevented . The spectral signature of the Hyalinus sun can be altered using a modified stellar probe . After that , we 'll need to decontaminate the asteroid . I recommend scanning their ecosystem ... starting with the plants . Determine how deeply the radiation 's permeated their food chain . Mr. Sulu ... You and Mr. Spock head back down to the surface . Take charge of the scans . I understand you have a knack for botany . Oh yes sir ! I should introduce you to my carnivorous weeper , Gertrude . She 's a beaut ! I 'll also need to repair the cellular damage the radiotoxins have caused . If Sekara 's treatment works , I 'll be able to synthesize enough medicine for the entire population . Captain , there is a new development . While on Hyalinus , I captured several images with my tricorder . This is how the Hyalini appear to each other . Unlike eyes , however , the tricorder does not rely on cone cells . The native inhabitants of this world all share the same genotype for pigmentation . However ... Are you saying Sekara is not from Hyalinus ? She is an alien . Furthermore , a global bioscan indicates 27.2 % of the population are as well . Maybe it 's a rare genetic anomaly , Spock ? No , doctor . This is but one of numerous disparities . They share a common ancestor with the Hyalini , but these individuals are unquestionably a race not currently native to Hyalinus . Kirk to bridge . Uhura here . Lieutenant , search the belt for any indication of another inhabited asteroid . Anything our sensors may have missed . We 'll have to run a full sweep , including non-subspace carrier waves . - How long ? - Could be days . Maybe more . Palmer 's an expert at countering solar interference . I 'll have her modify the sensors . Create a targeted scan . Thank you . Get on it . Captain , a word . Counselor ? I have found Dr. McKennah 's insight to be ... beneficial . Sekara appears to trust the captain . Do you believe it would be wise to confront her about her origins ? Not yet . We don 't know who she is ... or what she knows . And she might not even know herself . Well ... a civilization like the Hyalini ... bent on self-imposed moral isolation would never allow aliens to live on their world . Unless they don 't know there ARE aliens living on their world . Captain 's log , supplemental . After two days of treatment , Dr. McCoy reports that Sekara has responded exceptionally well . But our search for her people 's origin continues . Hoping to find some clues to the mystery , I 've engaged Sekara in several conversations about her past learning only that she was born on Hyalinus , and orphaned at an early age . Come . I , um ... I wanted you to know where to find me in case you desired to talk again . Yes . Dr. McCoy said he moved you to guest quarters . Better than being trapped in sickbay . Well ... better for HIM , I 'm certain . I had many questions . Would you like to come in ? Oh , no . I mean yes ... but no if you 're busy . But as for wanting to ... yes . But of course no if you don 't also , but ... but if you do then yes I ... I would very a lot . Please come in . You must think I 'm ridiculous . I like ridiculous . I like it " very a lot . " How have you been enjoying color ? Oh , color ! Color is incredible ! At first , I couldn 't make sense of it . But now ... it astounds me ! There are so many of them ! I 'm learning their names . That is called " green . " And the door is " blue . " And ... and this is " yellow . " " Red . " " Red . " Once we repair your sun , everyone on Hyalinus will see color . The initial shock may cause a great deal of chaos . We 'll ... work with your people to prepare them so they won 't be afraid . And I can help ! I want to share my experiences with everyone . But there 's still so much I don 't understand . Like ... what is it for ? What is the purpose of color ? Well ... color provides variety . Vibrance . Beauty . It ... arouses the senses ... stirs the emotions . Like ... poetry for the eyes . Purple . Hm ? The color of your hair . Captain Kirk to the bridge ! Captain Kirk to the bridge . I 'll be back . You 're welcome to stay . Purple . She found them , sir . Radio signals coming from an asteroid in the inner belt . Do you know anything about it ? Population ? Not yet . I 'm working on it , sir . Captain , proximity alert ! Confirmed . I 'm reading two small shuttlepods approaching Hyalinus at half impulse . On screen . Trajectory suggests they 're from the other asteroid . Scans indicate wessels don 't have any " big sticks , " sir . - What was that , lieutenant ? - Uh ... they are unarmed . They barely look space-worthy ! Captain , I read six humanoid life forms ... in EACH . Six in each ? At half impulse ? My God ! How long have they been ... ? Captain , Hyalinus ' automated platforms have activated . They 're charging weapons ! Red alert . Uhura , hail the Hyalini . One of the weapons platforms is targeting the shuttlepods , captain . Lieutenant ? No response from the council , sir . Charge phaser banks . Lock onto that platform . Platform firing ! Phasers locked . Fire . Defense platform destroyed . The shuttlepods are turning around . They 're retreating , sir . Cancel red alert . Uhura , get me Hyalinus . They 're hailing US , captain . They demand an explanation for the destruction of their platform . THEY demand ... ? ! I 'll meet with them in an hour . In the meantime , get me information on that other asteroid . Smith , you 've got the conn . Why did your people try to destroy two unarmed shuttles carrying twelve passengers ? They are Abicians . For decades , they 've been trying to sneak onto Hyalinus to escape the consequences of their own savagery . They lie and conceal their identities so that they can benefit from the peace and prosperity that we 've worked to achieve . One which they have NOT earned themselves . Is it a crime to want to live peacefully , Sekara ? Are they criminals ? Or are they refugees ? They are INVADERS . Who attack in tiny , unarmed ships . We are not heartless , captain . They have given us reason to fear them . I find that hard to believe . How can you stand in judgment of me ... of my people ... for something that you know NOTHING about ? ! My parents were MURDERED by Abicians ! I 'm sorry . It 's all too easy to criticize the policies of another ... until you lose someone those policies could have saved . Please tell me , Sekara . I want to understand . I need to understand . Their world is in turmoil . Territories perpetually at war . Technological innovation fueled solely by the desire to build better , more lethal weapons . They have squandered their natural resources and polluted their world in the process . And your parents ? My parents were part of a diplomatic envoy sent to help . To show the Abicians a better way to live . Their ship returned to Hyalinus on auto-pilot and all eighteen people on board ... were killed . I was ten years old . I can 't imagine . Those ... people who killed your parents are ... barbarians ... but that doesn 't mean they ALL are , does it ? You assume that they think like us , captain . They do not . They do not respect our laws . They do not value knowledge or honesty ... and they do not question their conscience before turning to violence . Have you ever met an Abician ? No . We 've managed to keep them off our world , thankfully . You 're wrong . There are many on Hyalinus . " Many " ? That 's impossible . Hundreds of thousands . They look like the Hyalini ... unless you see color . Your hair , your skin ... YOU are Abician . Your parents were Abician . She is no stranger . You 're still you ! N ... no ! No ! If you don 't trust what you see , trust what I see ! The woman in that mirror is brilliant ! She 's curious , honest , kind ... beautiful inside and out . Look . Look at her . She 's you , Sekara ! And you are the opposite ... of what you believe ... of what you 've been told ... Abicians are . Captain . Hyalinus has the most amazing plant life , sir . Look ! I 've never seen a flower with anthers like this one before . - You can 't actually SEE the anthers ... - Not now , Sulu . There 's been an incident . They 'll fill you in on the ship . Both of you . - I apologize , sir . - It 's all right . What have you found ? Well , according to Mr. Sulu 's readings , the Hyalini food chain has been affected at almost every level . But there is no permanent mutation . Exactly . Once we 're through here , future generations should grow healthy and normal . Good work . Prepare adecontamination sweep . Aye , sir . And Sulu ... You forgot something . If we modify your star , you 'll see your world in a whole new way . And ... based on what we 've just witnessed I 'm not sure you 're ready for it . Must we justify our actions to you ? Are we obliged to meet some arbitrary moral standard set by Starfleet in order to receive your help ? No . But killing defenseless people seems to ... contradict the moral standard you 've set for yourselves . Captain , we didn 't kill them . Perhaps we ... we just ... wanted to give them an incentive to turn back . And what if they hadn 't ? Those twelve Abicians are but a fraction of the unrelenting hoard assaulting our world every day . " Assaulting " ? They 're willing to DIE for the chance to live where they can be safe and free ! Why not help them instead of shooting at them ? Because granting entrance to some is an invitation for all . They would overrun our world . Captain , we have limited resources . We 're struggling to feed our own people . I appreciate your dilemma , madam . And I 'm not suggesting that you open your borders to just anyone ... especially those who pose a legitimate threat . But your defense system is excessive . You are not qualified to make that judgment , captain . Abicians are vulgar , selfish , and violent . They are a scourge ... and we 've gone to great lengths to keep them off our world . What if they were already here ? But they 're NOT here . But what if they were ? How would you know ? There was a time ... decades ago ... when we suspected the Abicians had come ... because there was a dramatic rise in violent crime . But , once we activated our defense grid , the crime rate receded . That is a FACT , captain . Not opinion . Which only proves that SOME Abicians are criminals . You can 't condemn the many for the crimes of the few ! I don 't " condemn . " The Abicians are free to live wherever they please ... as long as it 's on their own world . But if they come here , I will do what is necessary to keep my people safe . Just as YOU would if it were your crew or your family . Safety and compassion are not mutually exclusive . Conscience requires balance . That 's fundamental to the philosophy of the Federation ! Captain . What is Starfleet 's " General Order Number One " ? The non-interference directive . The ethical principle that prohibits members of Starfleet from interfering with the natural development of pre-warp civilizations . And does it apply even if you know your interference would be beneficial ? - Yes . - Yes . And have there been cases ... in which upholding this " ethical principle " resulted in the death of an entire population ... even though you could have saved them ? - Yes , but ... - So for you , this abstract idea is more important than a planet full of living , breathing people . And you stand here before me , lecturing me about " compassion . " About " balance . " You condemn the many ... for the crimes of NONE . Who do you think you are ? Captain 's log , supplemental . The stellar probe will be ready to launch shortly , and Mr. Spock and Sulu are preparing their decontamination sweep of Hyalinus . The Inner Council is overjoyed to hear of our success . Yet I find myself unable to share in that joy . Captain , are you angry because you think the Hyalini are wrong ? Or because they might be right about the threat the Abicians pose ? The threat THEY pose ? Doctor , when we launch that probe , the Hyalini will see in full , revealing color . What 'll happen to the Abicians once they can be identified ? Do you really believe they 're capable of harming Abicians who 've lived among them for years ? They don 't have to be . All they have to do is round them up and send them back ... and wash their hands of what happens next . THAT 'S why I 'm angry . Sir , you 've been in situations like this before . But I wonder if this time it 's not more ... personal . I don 't think you 're angry . I think you 're afraid . Afraid for Sekara . You care for her . Perhaps more deeply than you want to admit . With all their piety , they 've no problem turning their backs on desperate people with nowhere else to go . They take help , but they refuse to give it . Begs the question of whether they deserve our aid at all . So , is it justice for us to deny THEM aid ? To turn OUR backs on desperate people with nowhere else to go ? Nowhere else to go ... Thank you , doctor . Damn . I 'm good . And here we have engineering . This is where Mr. Scott lives . I dunnah spend all my time here . There 's also the transporter room . Sekara asked me to show her around . Is this the device that will fix our star ? Aye . It 's the only solar probe I 've got , so we 're leaving nothing to chance . How 'd ya like to see the warp engines ? No ... I can show her , commander . You 've got work to do . I 've always got time for a lovely lass , lieutenant . Yes ... the engines are this way ! Young lady , that 's a very dangerous tool . I know . Stay back ! I 'll fire ! If something were to happen to that probe , it would take a great deal of time to get another . Yes . It will . Your people cannae afford to wait ! Sekara ! Why destroy something that will save your world ? Because of what will happen next ! People will turn on each other , afraid of what they don 't understand . They won 't see friends and neighbors . They 'll see the brutes and thieves they 've heard about . They 'll see Abicians . We need more time ! Help us find another way to fix our sun . One that won 't change how we see ... - or who we are ... - There is no other way . Destroying the probe will only delay the inevitable . And could you really go back to a world without color ? I feel so powerless ! So terrified of the people I will return home to . Their eyes will change , but their hearts may not . You 're not powerless . You 're the one person with the power to change the hearts of your leaders . Galisti and Thaius love you very much . Sekara ... you 're living proof ... that the Abicians aren 't a race of savages . That they , too , have the same hopes and dreams of becoming more . Friends , the Hyalini offer their heartfelt gratitude . Today is the beginning of a bright new future for all of my people . - We ... - Some . I beg your pardon ? Today is the beginning of a bright new future for SOME ... of your people . For others , it may be the beginning of the end . There are Abicians among you . Many of them . If we repair your sun , you 'll see for yourself . You would have us doubt our resolve . Is the captain trying to hold our salvation hostage ? Refusing to launch the stellar probe until you 've had the final word ? Is that your plan ? No ... but ... it 's a pretty good one . I think I 'll borrow it . I wonder if you realize the peace ... prosperity ... the unity of your people is truly extraordinary . You 've accomplished in a few short centuries what took our people millenia . Indeed , council leader . Such is the fact with many worlds we encounter . Your people were unified ... transformed by the hope that , one day , they would be worthy enough to join the community of the stars . The Hope of the Hyalini . How will your people know when they 've achieved worthiness ? What does it mean to be " worthy " ? Well , that 's the problem . There is no ONE answer . An undefined finish line means you never have to finish ! Your people will never have to leave the safety ... the comfort ... of what they know . There 's an old saying : " A ship in the harbor is safe . But that 's not what ships are for . " The greatest fear of all is the fear of the unknown . Will you let that fear define you ? Hide behind weapons and barriers ? Vilify strangers ? The very people that your Hope calls upon you to strive to embrace ? Do you serve the Hope ? Or have you twisted it ... to serve YOU ? There comes a moment in the life of every world when its people must choose whom they wish to become . This is your moment . NOW will you launch the probe ? We launched the probe twenty minutes ago . If it was successful , the effects should become apparent any moment now . Our world is about to change forever . But my love for you ... will never , ever , ever change . Oh , my dearest . Oh ! Oh ... it 's magnificent ! Long have I wanted to tell you . But the thought of you forsaking me was too much to bear . This has all been a lie ! No ! Oh , no . It 's not a lie . I 'm still me ! My love for you is not a lie ! I 'm still the same person ! I only ... No ! NO ! This changes nothing ! Even with new vision , do you still not see ? Captain , commence the decontamination sweep of Hyalinus ! About that ... I 'm afraid we won 't have the time . The Enterprise has been called away to urgent business on Daran Five . You would let us all die ? As it turns out , our scans indicate that the Abicians have the decontamination technology that you require . And why would they help us ? Because you have something they need . We fixed your sun ... and they have the ability to sweep the residual effects of the radiation from both worlds . But their people need medicine just like yours do . I took the liberty of synthesizing double the amount . There 's enough here to cure both worlds ... Abicius and Hyalinus . Has it ever occurred to you that their civilization could be suffering the same fate as yours ? Given the Abicians' proximity to your sun , they experienced the radiation 's ill effects generations before Hyalinus . Illness , food shortage ... It is no wonder their world has fallen into chaos and war . They are what you would become . Please ! Don 't make us beg help from THEM ! There is no " them " any more , my dear . Only " us . " Transcript by Lisa Hansell - Sync by Masaca Resync from the original by Caudilho ®
