 [ alarm blaring ] - What 's going on ? - Yeah , these have never gone off before . - Allura , what is it ? - Looks like you guys just saw a ghost . That 's just the thing . It 's an old Altean distress code . One used by King Alfor 's ships . Could it be ? Are we not the last Alteans alive ? Wait . What if someone 's cloning the signal to try and lure us in ? The signal is from an Altean ship , and we 're going to find it . [ Allura ] That looks like a Tel-Galax exploration shuttle . One of my father 's deep space vessels . According to the ship 's identification code , it 's Commodore Trayling 's ship . But I don 't see any records of its destination or mission . - What happened to it ? - Is it stuck in a wormhole ? [ Coran ] That 's unlike any wormhole I 've ever seen . [ Pidge ] There 's a massive amount of energy emanating from it , centered right where the ship is stuck . We have to see if anyone is aboard . They may need our help . We could send a probe over to it , see if we can get some kind of idea what this thing is ? Do it . The energy shows no signs of radioactive decay and it 's not thermal . [ Hunk ] It 's not gravitational , our probe is steady on course , and the light is radiating out , not in , like it would in a black hole . - But out from where ? - That energy signature , I know it . It 's radiating quintessence ! [ Hunk ] Ooh ! That 's weird . Okay , well , let 's not go anywhere near there . We must . Hold on . Didn 't you just see what happened ? Voltron 's compositional strength far exceeds anything else in this universe . We received an Altean distress call , which must mean that someone is alive on the ship . As Paladins of Voltron , it is our duty to help . Princess , I still think there 's a chance that this whole thing is a trap . Even if it 's not a trap , it 's far too dangerous to go in there . I 'll do it myself if I have to . All right , let 's take it slow . Pidge , any chance you can explain what I 'm seeing right now ? The Euclidian space around the ship is obviously some kind of anomaly . But the energy source doesn 't originate from anything that registers with my understanding of how reality works . [ Keith ] I 'll take that as a " no . " [ Hunk ] I 'll scan the ship for biorhythms . [ electronic beeping ] That 's strange . I 'm not showing any signs of life on the ship . Maybe not on this half , but there is more to this ship than we are seeing . We need to go through there . [ Lance ] The glowy , explode-y area ? Pidge , keep an eye on Voltron 's vitals . Everyone , be prepared to abort if things get hairy . Roger that . Ready to abort immediately . - [ rapid beeping ] - Guys , my sensors are going crazy . Technically , we should be torn apart the same way the probe was . But somehow Voltron is completely unaffected by the stress of the spatial distortion . Hello ? What are you seeing ? I 'm losing visual . Hello ? No ! We must have crossed through because that 's the front of the ship . Wait . The back half of this ship , it 's gone ! Coran ! Coran ! We 've lost sight of the Castle . - Coran , are you there ? - [ Keith ] Where did he go ? [ Lance ] And where did that planet come from ? According to my sensors , we 're still in exactly the same place we were before . Guys , this is gonna sound strange , but now I 'm detecting multiple biorhythms aboard the ship . Alteans . [ Lance ] It seems like we 've only got one clue to help us figure out what 's going on , and it 's floating right over there . [ voice echoing ] Hello ? Is anyone here ? [ heavy breathing ] [ Hunk ] Oh , man . This place is totally freaking me out . Does it feel like a haunted ghost ship to anybody else ? Is it just me ? [ metal groaning ] [ Keith ] So , did the crew abandon ship ? I don 't know , but they couldn 't have gotten far without their spacesu- - [ screams ] Those aren 't empty ! We located the second comet based on King Alfor 's information . We managed to get it aboard , but it seems to be causing massive disturbances . We 're heading back to Altea , but I don 't know if we 'll be able to make it that far . At this rate- - [ screaming ] What happened here ? Something deadly . This still doesn 't explain the biorhythms I picked up in this area . [ suspenseful music playing ] Look out ! - [ screaming ] - [ grunts ] [ grunting ] [ all gasp ] [ grunting ] [ grunting ] No way ! Shiro ? How ... ? [ with accent ] Stay back ! If you 've come for the comet , you 'll never get it . I 'll die before I let it fall into Altean hands . - Shiro , please . - My name is not Shiro . What the heck is happening right now ? Did everyone get amnesia and then wake up with weird accents ? - You know us ? - Of course , we do ! You 're Shiro , our leader . Paladin of the Black Lion ? And you 're Slav . I rescued you from a space prison . - You 're also slightly crazy . - I may be crazy , but you 've never rescued me from anything before . Unless ... - you 're from an alternate reality . - This is an alternate reality . Uh , what 's that now ? I think , when we passed through that glowy , explode-y area , we entered an alternate reality . You mean , like , what Slav was always talking about ? Well , not you . Well , you , yeah , but a different you . One that talks about alternate realities a lot . Oh , that 's him . Why did you attack the captain and his crew ? - Stay back , Altean . - We found the ship this way . - But I can 't say I 'm sorry they 're gone . - [ beeping ] - [ gasps ] Oh , no ! More Alteans ! - Wait ! More Alteans ? Their scanners must have picked up your arrival . - Sven , let 's go ! If I were you , I 'd run . - [ grunting ] What the heck just happened ? Did he say we 're being boarded by Alteans ? [ clanging ] [ clanging continues ] Put down your weapons ! [ gasps ] - Alteans ! - It can 't be . Empress ! Uh , I 'm confused . What is going on ? - Are you Empress Allura ? - I am Princess Allura . Please , stand . I am Commander Hira , Empress . How can you be here ? You put down the Galra Uprising and established the Altean Empire 10,000 years ago . Where we 're from , all the Alteans were wiped out by Zarkon when he destroyed your planet . Where did you come from ? Amazing . Your theory about Voltron was finally proven correct . I was personally hoping to see some more fireworks when it hit that energy swirl . I guess all of the previous attempts to get it out were just more enjoyable to watch . For me , not for your pilots . Voltron made it through because he is made of the same material as that comet that King Alfor tried to hide from my father . Now , let 's see if the new paladins bring it back out to us . But what if Voltron is unable to escape the other dimension ? - It 's another reality , Ezor . - [ sighs ] What if they aren 't able to escape the other reality ? [ Lotor ] If Voltron disappears from our world , then we win . If they make it out with the comet , we 'll take it from them . It 's a win either way . [ Pidge ] This is the comet Commodore Trayling must 've been talking about in his transmission . It seems to be caught between two realities , just like the ship . Could you obtain a sample for us with your lion ? I can try . Amazing . - It 's Voltron . - What ? [ Pidge ] I mean , it 's not Voltron , obviously , but the readings from this comet are the same ones Zarkon was searching for . The same ones that led us to the Blue Lion . That 's how you were able to pass through to this reality . Your vehicle was made from the same trans-reality material . So , that 's why Voltron 's so powerful . With this material , Altea can create their own trans-reality traveling ships . We can spread our peace and stability to all realities . General Hira , I have just stumbled across something in this ship 's hold that will ensure Altea 's rule for millennia to come . So , the Alteans of this reality defeated the Galra ? Led by you , My Empress . Without your will to fight and avenge the loss of your father , Altea would not have been able to spread peace and stability throughout the universe . That 's the last of them . Do you think this plan will work ? Don 't worry . I 'm 60 percent sure this is one of the .15 percent of realities where this plan works 100 percent of the time . Do you think the people from the other reality will join the Alteans ? If they 're really my friends from another reality , there 's a 72 percent chance they 'll figure out what 's right . Defeating Zarkon was the first step , but we refuse to give up until all worlds know the true peace Altea has achieved . That is so wonderful ! No struggle , no wars . - That doesn 't even sound possible . - Is it not ? Look at Moxilous . For generations , his people have been in constant battle with the other planets in their system . It was a barbaric , futile existence . But look at him now . - So , what changed ? - The hoktril . Our civilization 's most advanced technological achievement . [ Lance ] What does that do ? It saps the fighting force from our enemies . Their will , you might say . [ all gasp ] [ Hira ] Advancements have been made . Citizens that might have been casualties of war in Empress Allura 's day can now be rehabilitated . Entire races who warred for millennia can now know peace and help us to further our new world . So , they become a part of the Altean peace movement ? You mean , slave labor ? Oh , no , no . They 're not slaves because they don 't have will . Slaves are always trying to escape or revolt . The non-cogs are content doing what they 're told . Preservation of life is the Altean Empire 's highest priority . And with this material , we can do even more than we thought possible . But you 're taking away their free will . The same will that would end your life with no remorse . Thanks to us , no innocent will lose its life to the free will of an evil being . Empress Allura , let me show you something . This is our Altea . Come with me . Allow me to show you the magnificence it has achieved . Is anyone else getting a strange vibe from these guys ? Yeah , there 's definitely something off about these Alteans . I mean , is it me or did they pretty much scramble the big dude 's brain ? [ all scream ] [ Sven ] Yoo-hoo ! Up here ! [ Lance ] Whoa ! How 'd you find us ? I figured there was a high probability that- - [ Lance ] Wait , stop . Nope . Never mind . We gotta get to Keith and Allura and figure out a way to stop the Alteans from getting that comet . Already on it . We just need to do one more thing and you guys can help . - [ weapons whirring ] - [ gasps ] Perfect ! I had a feeling the Guns of Gamara were on this ship . But I didn 't know Empress Allura 's friends would be working with them . Returning to Altea ... It seemed like such an impossible dream , I could never allow the thought . Allura , this might not be the Altea you remember . You 're right . This Altea is home to a people who made sure that the Galra scourge was unable to spread across the universe , as it did in your reality . Empress , I assure you , we will do everything in our power to help . The comet in this ship 's hold possesses the ability to travel between realities . If you will activate this ancient ship 's power , we can fly forward and remove the comet from the tear . We can use it to travel to your universe and bring peace there , even to the Galra . Maybe you should think about this , Allura . It wasn 't that long ago that we thought all Galra were bad . Maybe things aren 't as black and white as she 's making them out to be . Keith , these are my people , and they may be the strongest allies we have in this war . [ mouse squeaking ] I 've tried every scan and test I can think of . There 's no sign of Voltron anywhere . [ squeaking ] How could I have stopped her ? You know how she is . [ squeaking ] I can 't understand anything that you 're saying , but I 'll assume by your tone that that was an insult . Not good . You 've done it , Allura . Soon , we 'll use the comet to spread peace throughout every reality . What is going on ? Empress , the Guns of Gamara have infiltrated this ship . - These people were working with them . - Let our friends go ! Hira , you and the rest of Altea have turned this universe into an army of slaves . Peace at the sake of freedom ! - Slaves ? Is this true ? - Non-cogs are not slaves ! You 're the ones who spread chaos and destruction ! We 're going to scan that little brain of yours and get every last rebel location . Finally , our wars can end . - Allura , we cannot let this happen . - Hira , please . We both want the same thing . Peace . Do we ? Your weakness has brought nothing but pain and suffering to your people at the hands of the Galra . We have brought peace and order to ours . And , with this comet , we will bring our peace to every reality . You 're no empress of mine . And you 're no Altean . [ Slav laughing ] Why are you laughing ? Because this is the reality where everything works out fine . - [ screams ] - [ rapid beeping ] - [ all grunting ] - Just in time . [ Sven ] Dogpile ! Let 's go . - Pidge , which way to the lions ? - To the left ! Huh ? [ grunts , screams ] Sven ! Are you okay ? You saved my life ! [ groans ] I 'll be fine . Just get me to Space Hospital . - They 're blocking our way to the lions ! - Everyone , hang on ! [ alarm blaring ] [ all grunting ] Does he do this in every reality ? [ Slav ] I 'll take care of Sven . You just get to your lions ! This is all my fault . I activated the ship . They 're going to dislodge the comet and have the power to terrorize every reality . No , you can still get the comet away from them . Pidge , scan for the comet . Yep . Already picked up on its elemental signature . Everyone , we 're going back in to get it . Form Voltron ! [ lion roars ] [ Lance ] Okay , now what ? We need to find the exact spot we came in or else we might not make it home . Take them down . Engage thrusters . Thrusters ready . Huh ? - [ Hira ] What 's happening ? - We 've lost thrusters ! We 're unable to pursue ! I love this reality ! Take them out ! I found it ! [ all screaming ] No ! [ screams , gasps ] [ cheers ] You 're back ! Oh , thank the ancients ! Paladins , can you hear me ? Are you okay ? [ grunts ] Thank you for answering my distress signal , Voltron . [ Coran ] Paladins , can you hear me ? Are you okay ? Coran , we 're here . Allura , you did the right thing . You couldn 't let Hira get that ore . - But now , Lotor has it . - You didn 't know . That is the problem . We never know . And that is exactly why my father sent the lions away so many years ago . To avoid this reality . - I finally understand . - We 'll get it back . But if we don 't ? Lotor is always one step ahead of us . He has a plan for that ore , and if he succeeds , the Galra will finally have a weapon as powerful as Voltron .
