 Ten years ago , the animal population mutated , endangering human life on the planet . Our team managed to cure the animals , but at a terrible cost . In an attempt to return the planet to the animals , a secretive group called the Shepherds released a gas that sterilized all of humanity . And then , lab-made creatures called " hybrids " devastated the West Coast , so a massive barrier was constructed to protect the rest of North America , but new breeds have started to appear , so we reassembled our team . We battle on many fronts , searching for a cure to sterility while racing to stop the hybrids and a brutal terrorist , who is using them to end the human race . The fight for mankind 's survival has just begun . Previously on Zoo ... Dad ? Mitch . I 'm sorry , he 's dead . She 's taking us to see someone named Abendegos , who 's been waiting for Mr. Duncan . Abigail ! NYPD ! Freeze ! I can get Isaac back . You want Isaac , you bring me Clementine Lewis . - Deal is on . - Perfect . By day 's end , you 'll be holding your son again . We ran some tests on Clem 's blood ... she 's pregnant . Reiden found out about it , and she 's been abducted . I didn 't kill Leanne . She was dead when I found her . - It 's a boy . - Tell The Gentlemen that bidding will begin at $ 80 million . Jackson ... Jackson ... He chose Jackson . Thank you . Oh ... Oh , she 's alive . Barely . Make sure to bring the razorbacks inside . Yes , ma 'am . The bidding will begin at $ 80 million . We have confirmation she is carrying a viable male fetus . $ 80 million to the gentleman from the Russian Federation . Do I have anyone with 90 ? Very good . 90 to the gentleman from the United Arab Emirates . Who do I have at 100 ? A more-than-fair price for the first pregnant woman in a decade . Jackson , if that clicker didn 't do this , does that mean you summoned these animals with your mind ? Sorta . - Jackson ! - You really want to play 20 Questions right now ? No ! What are you doing back here ? Hey , uh , yeah , sorry . I 'm late . They made me park in the garage . No valet ... can you believe that ? Anyway ... Dad ? Hey . Hey . Okay , look , we can 't leave here without the hybrid , okay ? We got to get to the truck , hook it to the trailer , - and get the hell out of here . - Okay , on the count of three , - make a run for it . - Perfect . - Three ! - Tessa ! I am under the distinct impression that this is not a normal hospital . Remain calm , everything is under control . Earmuffs . What ? Um ... come on . Back up , back up , back up , back up , back up . Back up , back up ! That 's good . - Did you do that ? - No . Maybe . I don 't know . Come on , let 's go . That went well . So you 're pregnant , huh ? That 's cool . This is so not how I wanted you to find out . Freeze ! Don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot ! Don 't hurt her ! Drop your weapon . Clem ... Let us go , or I kill humanity 's last hope . Put your guns down . Guns down now ! Okay . Guess we 'll be going now . Word is out . It doesn 't matter where you go , you won 't be able to protect her . Well , he 's right about one thing ... You are now the most important person in the world . Let 's go find out why . You know , most people , they just worry about running into their ex at the grocery store , not arresting them for murder . I told you , I didn 't kill Leanne . And , against my better judgment , I 'm starting to believe you . But you 've been arrested . There 's no take-backs . That is an ocular-chip lens . It has a whole lot more on it than decryption power . Leanne was wearing it when she was murdered . It will tell us who killed her . It 'd be a little easier without these . Take her down to 2 . We need to assemble a team . Everything 's on hold until we can get you well . You 're not listening to me . I want Jackson Oz . This is not some personal vendetta . He 's not part of the plan . He 's part of mine . Quick , get her to the stasis tank . Yes , sir . We 're less than 48 hours from the launch of the TX-gas , which the Noah Objective promises will safely eliminate the mutated animals . Don 't believe everything you hear on the news . _ Abigail . Something you need to see . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Blue Diaspora . You can 't work on this out in the open . I can do what I like . The council forbade you from continuing your father 's work . Hybrids are too dangerous . The animals are still susceptible to the Mother Cell . The mutation will rise again , stronger and immune to any cure humankind can come up with . Mass extinction of the entire animal kingdom is sure to follow . Well , your father 's not gonna approve . Well , he 's not here . Actually ... he is . Arrived an hour ago . Who 's that next to your father ? My brother . The useless , drunken safari-guide brother ? What 's he doing here ? I have no idea . He 's chained , shouldn 't be able to get free . How does this thing fit in your sister 's plan ? " Plan . " She has a plan beyond just unleashing pain and terror ? The people holding him were waiting for a Mr. Duncan . We think he might be Abigail 's partner in this , somehow . What happened ? So definitely not chained anymore . I need to study this Abendegos . Do you have any tranquilizers on board ? Like , dinosaur tranquilizers ? Oh , yeah . I 'll go prepare a sedative . _ Why didn 't you tell me ? You have a lot going on . Clem , you 're the only pregnant woman in the entire world . And you have a bio-drive surgically implanted in your brain . We all have our issues . It 's got to have something to do to your background . Your Glazier 's disease and the ghost gene maybe had a contraindication with the cure serum . Maybe , uh , negated the effects of the TX-gas . Okay . I need you to stop acting like a scientist and start acting like a grandfather . Oh , hey , nope . You don 't get to use that word ever again . You can 't deny it . This is happening . Yeah . I 'm trying to figure out why . So we can come up with patriarchal nicknames later . Like way later . We 've got a long road ahead of us . The team is heading back to pick us up . We need to dissolve this into a solution and then we should be ready to sedate your friend Abendegos . Great . Abe , how are you holding up with Isaac and everything ? Not well . But I 've gotten good at distracting myself . Keeping myself busy . You know , before they took Isaac away , I was working on a synthetic reproductive hormone , based on the NLRP2 protein and stem cells harvested from animal cerebrospinal fluid . Animal stem cells . That makes sense , they weren 't affected by the TX-gas . Exactly , but none of the animal samples I tested yielded any positive results . But these hybrids are different . They display a hypergrowth property . I believe their stem cells could be the key . So , Clem and her being pregnant , how does that factor into all of this ? The child has a unique protein . Unlike anything I 've ever seen . It displays even greater potential than the NLRP2 protein at synthesizing the reproductive hormone that we need . I 'm going to call it the CLM-protein . After Clementine . All right , so Clem 's baby , plus hybrid stem cells , could solve the sterility problem ? That 's the idea , at least . We just need a cerebrospinal fluid sample from Abendegos to prove it . How hard could that be ? Well , here we go . What is that ? A security measure . Oh , okay . Got it . Well , let 's see who killed Leanne Ducovny . So , how do you do it ? Control the animals . The lions in Portland , that Noah 's Ark back there ? My father . He did genetic experiments on me when I was a kid . And I think the gas that sterilized people activated something in me . You must hate him . Yeah . And no . Part of me thinks that he couldn 't help it . Between him and my sister , I 'm beginning to think that there 's something tainted in the Oz bloodline . Like , we 're cursed . Jackson , you can 't really believe that . Jackson . We 're ready in the vehicle bay . When we land , I think that you should get as far away from me as possible . Hope you boys cooked up a good plan . If we don 't put this guy down ASAP , it 's gonna give turbulence a whole new meaning . Remember . Straight to the heart . Straight to the what ? How are you gonna get close enough to stab it in the heart ? I 'm gonna give him what he wants . Me . Be careful , rafiki . Don 't shoot unless I say so . Ready . Don 't shoot . Little help here ? ! Okay , Leanne 's in her office . Let 's find out who killed her . If this turns out to be you , I 'm gonna be very disappointed . It 's over , Leanne . Robert would roll over in his grave if he knew what you 'd become . My father made me what I am . You 're never gonna get away with this . I already have . We have the Melvatox-B . We don 't need you anymore . Abigail . They were connected ? How did I miss that ? You notice how Abigail said " we " in the recording ? " We have the Melvatox-B . " Yeah . She must be working with a partner . We need to find Abigail . Or her partner . Well , it would be easier if one of us weren 't in police custody . I 'll talk to the captain , tell him we have a new suspect . Abigail Westbrook . There 's only so much the tank can do . A lot is up to her . She 'll survive . Her work isn 't finished yet . Hi , angel . Dad , you 're back . Hi . What happened to your face ? Oh , it 's just an accident . So , I finished with General Davies and the TX-gas . We 're ready to launch . That 's great . Um , I saw that you brought Jackson and the rest of his team here . Why ? Wasn 't part of the plan . I know . Here 's the thing about Jackson . He 's a useless piece of flesh who 's squandering the Oz name ? Or , sorry , is it " dishonors the Oz name " ? Jackson 's grown up a lot in the last year . Okay , so ... what , you suddenly trust him ? Are you gonna tell him the plan ? Is that why you brought him home ? I brought him home because he 's sick . Very sick . But Dr. Morgan has found a way to cure Jackson and the animals . So Mitch Morgan is as brilliant as we believed . Yeah , and then some . He might even be a match for you . Do you think he could crack Blue Diaspora ? Why are you asking about Blue Diaspora ? You were told not to do this . Problem with the hybrids is they were uncontrollable . Like feral animals . But I fixed it . You used human DNA . Your DNA ? Abigail . I thought you 'd be happy . This was your project . And I fixed it for you . We invested everything in formulating the TX-gas and reversing the animal mutation . But that is only a temporary solve . This is the real solve . I 'm calling him Abendegos . Really is something . I have to get back to Jackson . We 'll talk about this more later . Do you want my help ? He 's my brother , after all . Maybe I should finally meet him . No , I have all the help I need with Dr. Morgan . I 'll be back . I promise . Abigail Westbrook , the most wanted woman in the United States , remains at large . The authorities warn , do ... I just spoke to Jackson , told him about his baby sister 's latest homicide and the Melvatox-B . Jackson has a lead on someone who might be Abigail 's partner , somebody named Mr. Duncan . Charles Duncan ? Maybe . Who 's that ? He 's a ghost . He 's public enemy number one for the Shepherd hunters . There are rumors that he 's a bomb maker or a scientist , but nobody knows where he is or even what he looks like . So , do you think this Mr. Duncan could be the " w " Abigail was referring to ? The one who helped with the Melvatox-B ? There 's one way to find out . _ Yahtzee . Charles Duncan . He supervised the transfer of assets when Reiden bought Melvatox . Took possession of 50,000 units of Melvatox-B . 50,000 ? You 're not gonna carry that out the front door . Is there an address there ? 44 East 138th . Loading dock that exits onto Park . Traffic cam at the end of the alley . The transfer of assets form is dated November 7 , 3 : 14 p.m. I have something . It 's too dark . I can 't see his face . I have a program that will clear it . - Well , how long will it take ? - It 's hard to say , but if he 's the ghost that you describe , it 'll be worth the wait . All right , Mr. Duncan , you 've been the center of all this suffering . Let 's see who you really are . Jamie and Logan found out who killed Leanne . It was Abigail . What ? How is your sister connected to the CEO of Reiden ? It 's starting to seem like she 's connected to everything . Come quick . It 's the kids . They 're raiding the kids ' facilities . No one was responding from Reiden , so they 're going in by force . Despite the government 's initial cooperation with Reiden , the lack of transparency from the Reiden officials and the recent death of its CEO have led to today 's forced entry of the Reiden Children 's Holding Facility . Charlie , you take 3 . Clear . Let 's go . No children inside . Breach . Nothing . Where are they ? Room clear . So far , there has been no sign of the children . We are receiving word now that the children are not , I repeat , not in the facility . No , no , no . It 's got to be a mistake . The question now is : where have the children gone ? I promise we are gonna figure this out , okay ? When-when we get back on the plane , I 'm gonna run every test in the book . Tests ? Tests , that 's the last thing that I want . Yeah , that 's kind of how science works , Clem . Thank you , Professor . I am aware . I spent 90 % of my life under a microscope . Well , those microscopes saved your life . It was awful . And painful . And it made me feel like ... I wasn 't even a person . My baby will have a normal life . You and I both know that 's not possible . Your baby is gonna be the opposite of normal ... because it 's the most important thing that has happened in a long , long time . And I understand you want to protect your kid . And I want to protect mine . Clem , you and this baby are all that I have . A parent has one job in life . Let me do mine . Did you get any information ? No , I called my contacts in the army and Marines . No one knows a thing . I 've been on hold with the State Department for 20 minutes . Hundreds of kids don 't just disappear . Someone saw something . We may have found something . When Logan called , he said right before Abigail killed Leanne , she mentioned a certain drug called Melvatox-B . When Isaac called , he said that they were giving him candy for breakfast . What if the Melvatox-B is-is what Reiden is giving the kids ? That 's exactly what we were thinking . And it turns out that Melvatox-B has a very specific radioactive signature . How could the government sign off on a plan to kidnap kids and feed them poison ? In low doses it 's perfectly safe . We don 't think they 're trying to poison the kids . But we do think that they gave us a way to find them . See , we 're talking about thousands of kids with thousands of doses . That would produce a very significant radioactive footprint . Highways have scanners that send out alerts if there 's radiation . Which cops have access to . We need to call Logan . Follow the pills , find the kids . She needs to pull through . This plan does not work without her . transfusion , but I just need to speak to you in private . Okay . What can I do for you ? I know we both double-checked the protocol , ensured the viability of the genomic fossils . But I need you to level with me . Is Jackson gonna survive this procedure ? Are we speaking as scientists ? Or as parents ? I understand . I feared as much . Look , you know I will do whatever I can . What are you doing here ? Jackson 's gonna die , isn 't he ? If you can 't cure him and he can 't cure the animals , what are you going to do ? Blue Diaspora . We move on to your plan , to the hybrids . Really ? Really . But we don 't have much time . Go collect all of your research . I 'll be there soon . I just , I need to say good-bye . I love you , Abigail . I love you , too , Dad . Hey . You know , if you asked me to stay , I 'd consider it . That 's tempting , but I can 't . My only living relative wants to kill me , so the safest place for you is not here . Look , your sister and your father , they 're not your family . They might be your blood relatives , but family is who defines who you are . Abraham , Dariela , the rest of your team , that 's your family . I am so sorry that I hurt you . You are the last person that I ever wanted to cause any pain . You saved me . When I turned my back on this life and became Dylan , I never thought I 'd find my way back . You did that for me . How do you thank the person that gave you your life back ? You go save the world , genius . You proud of yourself ? Dad , it 's over . I 'm fine . - I 'm sorry . - You had her kidnapped . - I 'm so sorry . - You had her kidnapped ! How does that even compute as right to you ? ! It 's not . A parent has one job in this world , right ? She was just doing hers . I kept telling myself that I did what any mother would do . I just wanted my son back . I 'm so sorry , Clem . A few months ago , I would 've punched you in the mouth and never talked to you again . But now that I 'm about to become a mother , I would 've done the same thing . What happened ? When Logan and I got back , we found you passed out in the vehicle bay , next to the new hybrid . What were you doing in there ? Where 's Clem ? She 's with Abe . He 's going to examine her and the baby . Okay . - I should be there . - No . You should rest . I 'm worried that that bio-drive in your head is what made you pass out . Bio-drive or not , I got to figure out what 's going on with my daughter . Well , you can do it from here . There 's years of science for you to catch up on . What 's this ? It 's a surveillance photo of Mr. Duncan , Abigail 's partner . He 's dangerous . A monster . If I find him , I 'm going to take him down . That image is almost cleaned up , so do your research and let me know when the program 's done with the image . Oh , and , um ... rest up , Grandpa . That is so not cool . Well , the baby is healthy . If it wasn 't the only baby on the planet , I would say it was a textbook pregnancy . What about the CLM-protein ? And the stem cells from Abendegos ' spinal fluid ? As long as Clem 's baby continues to develop normally , we should have enough CLM-protein to make our synthetic reproductive hormone . But ? But I did find something unexpected when comparing the genetic samples from the new hybrids . Those shared markers prove that the woolly rhinoceros , winged hybrid , and Abendegos are related . Related ? What if Abigail created the new hybrids using common DNA as a starting point ? And what that means for us and ending sterility is that Abendegos ' spinal fluid only has part of what we need . We need the stem cells from all the hybrids that share the genetic marker . How many are there ? Given the three samples I 've seen , and their genetic variation , my best guess is that there are six breeds altogether . There are six new hybrids , and we need spinal fluid from each of them . How will we find them ? I don 't know . But if we want to stop this reproductive problem , we need to find a way . I think we 've found the kids . Yeah , radiation signatures are high upstate , so the kids should be there , and the Melvatox pills . Let 's go get our son back . Good news . She 's turned a corner . We should be able to pull her out soon . Good . Good job . What are you doing ? I hate to do this , but , uh , I have orders to keep you here . Orders from who ? Your father . Well , is he on his way ? No . No , he has to stay with Jackson . It 's the only way for the plan to succeed , cure the animals . Um ... Jackson is dying . Not anymore . I got one for you : what did the , uh , aardvark say to the taxi driver ? Dad ? Dad ? Mitch . Mitch ! Dad ... no . No . No . Abigail ... No . Get out of my way . Get out of my way ! - Robert wants it this way ! - I don 't care what he wants . That 's my father out there ! Let go of me ! - Let go of me ! - Back off . - Back off . - That is my father . That is my father ! That is my father ! He 's doing this for us . No , he is not ! He 's doing this for Jackson ! He chose Jackson . He chose Jackson . Jackson . Jackson . - Jackson . - Jackson . Vitals are good . Blood pressure 's stable . 110 / 80 . Hemoglobin levels are at seven grams . O2 , 98 % . Team two , get ready to disconnect the generator and prep for extraction . Everyone move into place to remove Ms. Westbrook from the tank . Wha ... Abigail ! Abigail . I 've been looking for you . Everyone else evacuated . We got to get out of here . Abigail , we got to go . Oh , you did it . You made another hybrid . I told you , Blue Diaspora is the only way forward . - We need to make sure it succeeds . - We ? - I don 't know anything about it . - Not you . I have a chopper hiding in Bay 12 . Go get it ready . We 'll be right there . Where are you going ? There 's someone else we need . No ! Don 't ! Get away from him ! Okay , Dr. Morgan , I 'm gonna get you out of here . We 've got a lot of work to do . Results from the EEG are showing normal levels of brain activity . He 's going to be in here a long time . All right , extraction . We 're ready . On it . I 'm fine . Is everything in place ? Almost . Abendegos is gone . Your brother has him . Well , then it 's a good thing Mr. Duncan is with my brother .
