 Ten years ago , the animal population mutated , endangering human life on the planet . Our team managed to cure the animals , but at a terrible cost . In an attempt to return the planet to the animals , a secretive group called the Shepherds released a gas that sterilized all of humanity . And then lab-made creatures called hybrids devastated the West Coast . So a massive barrier was constructed , to protect the rest of North America , but new breeds have started to appear , so we reassembled our team . We battle on many fronts , searching for a cure to sterility while racing to stop the hybrids and a brutal terrorist who is using them to end the human race . The fight for mankind 's survival has just begun . - Previously on Zoo ... - I 'm here to make you a deal . I can get Isaac back . Let 's talk about Clementine Lewis . Deal is on . Perfect . By day 's end , you 'll be - holding your son again . - Who 's The Falcon ? I got really sick of not seeing justice done , so I went out and did it myself . After all this time , The Falcon 's remained out of reach . Do you have any suspects ? - Yeah , we got one in custody . - I did it . My name is Jackson Oz . You said what we had was real , but it was built on a lie . - Tessa , please . - A pretty damn huge one . - Mansdale . - One of the Shepherds who tried to end the world . This is who we 're looking for ... Abigail Westbrook . Abigail is setting off a beacon inside Reiden Tower - in New York City ? - I 'm going to create a new world . And I 'm bringing my hybrids with me . She used this device back at the cabin . That device was attracting the hybrids to its location . More questions than answers at this hour after the first ever hybrid attack on the East Coast . New York City has joined the list of cities ravaged by a new species of flying hybrids . Where did these winged monsters come from ? Were they linked to hybrids spotted near the volcanic eruption in Mexico yesterday ? And perhaps , more importantly , where are they now ? This is a bad idea . I found the copper wire . No , that-that won 't work . It has to be insulated . Copper wire will block the signal . Well , if you ask me , blocking the signal 's exactly what the doctor ordered . No . If we do that , we have no way of knowing which way the hybrids will fly . They could attack another city . It 's Mitch . Hey , we got a problem . Yeah , a big one . You attached the beacon to a drone with a bum fuel cylinder . - We had to rescue it . - So where are the hybrids ? Oh , they 're here , trying to bash their way into the plane . We 're going to fly back to Mexico and drop this beacon into the volcano . And the hybrids along with it . We have to make sure to kill them . Cool plan ... provided you get to the volcano before the hybrids get to you . Yeah , thanks for the vote of confidence . What 's the update on Abigail ? That 's the other thing . Turns out , Logan 's a lousy cop . He shot Abigail , but she got away . Oh , and he arrested Jamie . What ? Why ? For murdering the Reiden CEO . Leanne Ducovny ? She 's dead ? Banner day , all things considered . I 'm at the precinct now trying to sort it all out . Hey , is Clem with you guys ? She 's still in New York , Mitch . She went after a part for a truck , and we had to take off . Sounds like she dodged a bullet . I 'll track her down . Well , good luck with the suicide mission . We need another battery . I 'll grab it . We 're almost there . Is it ready ? I hope so . 30 miles out from the volcano . Okay , look , we only get one shot at this . Wind 's at 240 knots . Maybe we should wait until we 're close enough to the volcano , - and then just drop it . - Ten miles out . We 'd need to weigh it down with something about a thousand pounds heavier . That 'll work . Keep the press out . Don 't confirm or deny the suspect . The captain wants this one kept quiet . Jamie . Jamie , don 't say anything . Okay ? Let me call your lawyer . I need Mansdale . Hurry up . Open the door . Three , two , one . Mansda ... What do you need Mansdale for ? Get him off the plane and bring him here . No . No , no , no ! No ! What do you mean Mansdale 's gone ? He escaped . Well , how far could he have gone ? Oh . That 's not good . He hid in Jamie 's Mustang . We put the beacon in the Mustang and threw it into the volcano . Huh . Well , that 's ... unfortunate . But ... I 'll figure something out . How are you guys used to these things ? - You can 't be here . - Feel like I got a chickpea in my ear . Mitch , I 'm serious . You have to leave now . Nope . Not without Jamie . Come on . You know she didn 't kill anybody . She cares about one thing : Hunting Shepherds . I never should 've let her into Reiden . Let me talk to her . She 's a criminal . I 'm a cop . You need to leave . Yeah . You 'd like that , wouldn 't you ? The way I hear it , you 've had it out for Jamie ever since she dumped you . You have no idea what you 're talking about , okay ? You were gone for a long time . Well , I 'm back now . And I 'm not gonna let you punish Jamie for breaking your little heart . So , you 're gonna slap a special consultant badge right here on my chest and you 're gonna take me in there with you , or your captain 's gonna hear about how you stormed Reiden Tower and then disposed of key evidence via mail drone . Right , so you 're gonna blackmail me for trying to stop Abigail ? Yeah . Pretty much . It worked ; All the flying hybrids followed the beacon right into the volcano , but we have to get to Abigail before she hurts anyone else . We should turn around and head back to New York . First we have to go after Isaac . Look , I 'm sorry , rafiki , but we were not honest with you . Isaac is not safe . He 's still in Reiden 's custody . Why didn 't you tell me ? Dariela and I , we thought we could get Isaac back on our own . But we were wrong . Then we 'll go after him together . Okay ? I have not been honest with you guys either . Back in Portland , Logan did some tests on Abigail 's blood , DNA tests . And ... I should 've just told you from the beginning , but I thought that I could handle it on my own , too . Handle what ? Abigail is my sister . Wh-What ? Another one of my father 's secrets , I guess . I couldn 't stop him . I have to stop her . It 's an SOS . Who could be signaling for help ? Wasn 't this side of the mountain lost to hybrids years ago ? The IADG evacuated everyone . We have to get down there . I can 't let anyone else die because of Abigail . Then we will go get Isaac . I promise . Okay . Let 's do this . Abe ? Isaac knows we 're coming for him . I hope so . I 'm just thankful we didn 't trade Clem for Isaac . I mean , how could I look into my son 's eyes knowing that I put another man 's child in danger ? You okay ? Yeah . Abort . The deal is off . Do not touch Clementine . Let her go immediately . We have a problem . See , we had a deal in place . With Reiden ? Whatever they told you , it isn 't true . I didn 't steal anything from them . I want to believe you , Clementine , I do , but I have a vast experience in matters such as these , and people don 't make deals over valueless merchandise . See , Leanne ? She 's dead . And for the moment , our deal is dead along with her . But , between you and me , I think that we can come up with a better one . I just need to know what makes you so special . Nothing . Please . Wait . No ... Come on , is it something you know ? Something you have ? Something you took ? Please . Stop . You 're making a mistake ! Three , two , one . I 'm pregnant ! Shock me and you 'll kill the first baby conceived in the last ten years . Let 's call The Gentlemen . Who ... who are The Gentlemen ? Who are The Gentlemen ? Is my friend coming ? Uh , long story , but no . He 's definitely not gonna make it . It 's gonna take more than friends to get you out of this one , Jamie . We have your prints on the door handle , on Leanne 's tablet , and on Leanne 's body . And your confession at the scene . I want to speak to my attorney . Have you called them ? I 'm representing myself . - You 're joking , right ? - No , and I 'm appointing a co-counsel , Mitch Morgan . Um , no . Uh , that 's a terrible idea . And an illegal one . Actually , if you pull my medical records , you 'll see that I 've been diagnosed with PTSD . Because of that disability , I 'm allowed to appoint co-counsel when choosing to self-represent . Mitch , please . You happen to have one that says " co-counsel " ? Don 't do this . You 're not a lawyer . Well , you 're not a cop . So , I 'd like to be alone with my client . Go for it . Just tell me the truth . You didn 't really kill this woman , right ? This is where the SOS signal originated . Hello ? Anyone here ? That 's good , call the razorbacks to our position . Hello ? Whoa , whoa , whoa . Ugh . - Jackson . - Tessa . What are you doing here ? We heard your distress call . These are my friends , Abraham and Dariela Kenyatta . Guys , this is Tessa . - Pleasure to meet you . - We 've heard a lot about you . I assumed that you were staying behind in Portland . They closed the camp . We got word people needed an evac here . I was doing a final sweep till my truck died . That 's your radiator hose . We can plug it up and refill it . We heard this place had been overrun by hybrids years ago . The area , yes ; The town , no . The villagers say they haven 't seen a hybrid in years . No razorbacks ? No razorbacks , no angry rhinos . Nothing . They claim there 's a witch in town who 's kept the hybrids away . Okay , this witch . Did she evacuate with the others ? No , she 's refusing to leave . Well , then I think I 'd like to talk to her . I 'd like to talk her into leaving . And loop back with my team . I don 't think that 's a good idea . The volcano 's unstable , it won 't be long before this area is toast . Look , if this woman really can keep the hybrids away , then maybe there 's a way she can help us stop Abigail . It 's worth a chance . Circle the plane , keep it out of the ash , I 'll radio in ten minutes . Let 's go find your witch . I know that Leanne was The Falcon , the Shepherd you 've been hunting . But what , you ... you killed her ? Here 's the thing , she 's been trying to kill me for years . But until today , you didn 't even know who she was . Mansdale has access to the files that prove she was after me . You have to get him here . Mansdale . He escaped hid in your Mustang , and the brain trust put the beacon in the Mustang , and the Mustang into the volcano . Of course they did . Okay , so we just have to get the files ourselves . We can get them from Reiden Global as evidence in the investigation . Jamie , this is stupid . Come on , you need a , a real lawyer . No , I need someone I can trust . Someone who knows me . Hey , Clem , it 's your dad . Jackson tells me you 're still in New York . So am I. And apparently I 'm a lawyer now . Long story . Anyway , um ... I know you 're an adult and everything , but ... if I don 't hear from you soon , I 'm gonna start picturing you tied up in the back of a van someplace , so give me a call , please . Okay ? You look well . Small talk , really ? That 's your plan ? Well , the last time I apologized , I got slapped in the face , so I wasn 't sure how a second apology would go over . Not well . You explained yourself in Portland . And to be honest , I get it . I get why you lied and hid from the truth . In a way , I was hiding , too . From what ? Ever since I was a little girl , all I dreamed about was being a mother . I wanted a whole litter of babies . I wanted to love them . And hold them . Help them grow up . I know it sounds simple and old-fashioned , but it 's what I was meant to be . But when your father dropped the TX-gas , I knew my dream was over . So I tried to forget it . I moved to Portland , I tried to help people in other ways , but it wasn 't enough . Thinking about that family that I dreamed about , that ... I 'll never get to have , it hurts every day . I had a family once . A wife and a son . I was 19 . We were day-tripping to Nairobi , and we had been driving all day , and I was thirsty , so we stopped at a gas station . And I remember taking too long inside , you know , I was trying to decide between coffee and tea . And then I heard it . It 's like a bomb went off . A truck lost control , slammed into one of the pumps . His name was Connor . He was six months old . Oh , Jackson , I ... you didn 't tell me . No one outside my family knew , Tessa . Abe 's the only one alive who knows . Tried to forget , I tried to move on with my life , but you 're right , it hurts every single day . Now , Tessa , I know that if we can stop Abigail , I know that we can find a way to reverse the TX-gas . I 've come to terms that I can never bring my family back . But I 'm not gonna give up on yours . I promise you that . Sure Jackson and Tessa will be okay ? Well , I think they needed some time alone . And perhaps this witch really does know something about the hybrids or Abigail . Mom , is that you ? Isaac , baby ? We 're here . What ? Oh , my God . - Isaac . Isaac , are you okay ? - Mr. and Mrs. Kenyatta , Reiden thanks you for your patience during this trying time . Isaac and the other children have been integral to our efforts to solve the TX-sterility . Isaac , we 're coming to get you soon , okay ? Now , I 'd like to assure you that despite recent changes to our management , all children under Reiden 's charge remain safe and well cared for . And we 're happy to report that all children , including Isaac , will be returned safely to their families next week . We want to talk to our son . Of course . Tell your parents how much fun you 're having , Isaac . We get to play and hear the radio and do flash cards . Oh , and we get candy for breakfast . - Like I said , they 'll be home soon . - Candy for breakfast ? And I 'm afraid that 's all the time we have , but you 'll have plenty of time - to catch up next week . - No . No . Wait , wait , a ... No , wait , wait ! Why ? Why let us see him at all if they 're just gonna yank him away ? No . Reiden knows they can hold onto the children for only so long . Do you think we 'll get him back next week ? Honestly , no . This must be the place . There 's got to be a scientific explanation for this , right ? The trees may be creating a windbreak , keeping the ash away . Or , flip side , this woman really is a witch . Isn 't that ... ? Abigail 's symbol ? _ She 's asking if you 're Mr. Duncan . Do you know who that is ? _ No . But there 's only one way to find out . Sí ... Señor Duncan . Que Buena . You 're wasting your time . She confessed . It 's case closed . She told me it was self-defense . And you believe her ? I know Jamie . I know when she 's lying . No , you knew Jamie . Ten years ago . She 's changed . And the things that I 've seen her do ... You remember a Shepherd named Mansdale , right ? She murdered him two years ago . All in pursuit of this Shepherd crusade - she 's been on . - Nope . Mansdale 's been chained up in the bottom of the plane . She 's been hanging on to him for information . Now , although that 's not pretty , it 's not murder . You 're telling me Mansdale 's on the plane right now ? I 'm telling you she didn 't kill him . Now , if you knew her as well as you thought you did , or if you were a better cop , you 'd have figured that out for yourself . What are you doing ? One of us is right and one of us is wrong . Figure it out faster if we work together . I don 't need your help . I 'm a scientist , for God 's sake . You 're a vet . So , you and Jamie ... you 're just going to pick up where you left off , huh ? Like nothing happened ? I was in a tank for ten years . Nothing did happen . I happened . Come on , you two played house for a couple of years until Jamie got bored . You have no idea what you 're talking about . None at all . What is this ? I don 't know , it looks like it 's encrypted . Yeah , but that 's illegal in a murder investigation . So , how do we unencrypt it ? Looks like SDE . That 's Single Device Encryption . Can only be viewed by one specific device , probably Leanne 's tablet . Well , we have her tablet here in evidence . Yeah , but it 's bio-protected . It won 't unlock without her fingerprint . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but ... don 't we have Leanne 's finger , and its print , on the premises ? That 's not the way things work . I need a court order for this . Well , how bad do you want the truth , Detective ? Abe , where are you going ? Clementine 's room . Abe ? Look , Leanne said Clementine stole something from Reiden . That 's why they wanted her . If we can find it , then maybe Reiden will talk to us again . We can 't trust Reiden , there 's no guarantee that they 'll give us Isaac back . No , but maybe it will help tip the scales to our advantage . We have to find what Clementine stole from them . _ _ She 's taking us to see someone named Abendegos who 's been waiting for Mr. Duncan . Wild guess you don 't know who that is , either . No . We just assumed that Abigail was working alone , but it makes sense that she wasn 't . Yeah , well , let 's just hope that this Abendegos and Mr. Duncan have never met , or we might be one step closer to dead . Hey , hey ! Señor Duncan ? _ _ _ We need to leave the guns on the table . Jackson ... Jackson . Sorry , did that thing just say your name ? No , no , that 's impossible . Jackson . Okay . Maybe not impossible . So , Abendegos is a hybrid who can talk . Remind me never to go anywhere with you again . We need to tighten its restraints . You have a necklace or a bracelet or something ? - What ? No , why ? - Because it looks part baboon . Baboons are driven by curiosity . I need something shiny . Okay . Hey ! No , your clicker , you need that to control your lions . Jack ! I guess we can kiss any animal assistance good-bye . You couldn 't have thrown a stick or something ? I was improvising . We don 't even know what we 're looking for . Well , whatever it is , Reiden wants it very badly . Hopefully , we 'll know it when we see it . What are those ? Perhaps Clementine was sick again with her Glazier 's disease . Iron , vitamin D ... folic acid . - No , it can 't be . - What ? Do you remember when we went to Africa ? After the TX-gas dropped ? I-I couldn 't find prenatal vitamins . So , you got 12 bottles and made your own cocktail . I bought these exact supplements . What are you trying to say ? This is impossible . She can 't be pregnant . There 's blood on her shirt , from when she was shot . How quickly can you test this ? How long is his break ? 20 minutes . Formaldehyde . Smells like home . That 's disgusting . What 's disgusting is you arresting Jamie because your badge and gun didn 't woo her back to you . Oh , my God , enough . You want to know the truth ? Everything with Clem and the hybrids , Jamie just changed . She got angry at the world . I tried to help her , like she helped me , but I couldn 't , so I left . You 're telling me you left her , - not the other way around ? - Yeah . I thought it 'd be a wake-up call , but it just ... sped up her descent . Now every Shepherd whose life she destroys , I feel responsible . All right , here 's Leanne . Nothing 's happening . It 's too cold . It 's not reading . Now warm it up . Works every time . I don 't know , there 's something wrong . This should be the device that decrypts the file . Nancy Drew . That a normal thing these days ? No . Wait , Mitch , Mitch . Could be the device we 're looking for . Yeah , looks like some kind of bioprocessor . Okay . So , did you want to ... Oh , hey , I just had her finger in my mouth . This one 's all you , pal . Great . Thank you . I can read it . But ... - What ? - But it 's not about Jamie . It 's a record of Reiden buying out some pharmaceutical company . The Melvatox Corporation . Apparently , Reiden acquired 100 % of their product stock . I can 't believe it . How did this happen ? Clem wasn 't a criminal . She was pregnant and somehow Reiden knew . They were using us . We need to find Clementine immediately . She must be protected . It 's too late . Dariela ? What have you done ? We need to study this creature . No way we 're getting it outside . No , I know . We 're gonna tow this whole thing back to the plane . What about the gruesome twosome ? Something tells me they 're not gonna be okay with that . We won 't ask them . I don 't know where they took her . I 've been trying to find them ever since we heard about Leanne . Get out of my lab . - I can fix this . - Get out . - I can find her , Abe . - Get out ! _ I think they figured out you 're not Mr. Duncan . This Melvatox Corporation was started three years ago as a pharmaceutical company . They only had one product , a migraine drug called Melvatox-B , before going bankrupt . Apparently the drug had severe cognitive side effects . Leanne was able to purchase them for pennies on the dollar . I 'm guessing she wiped the rest of the records . That 's all that we could find . So , it was the contact lens that decrypted it , not the tablet . Yes , which is all very fascinating to someone , I 'm sure , but none of it proves you acted in self-defense . It 's because I didn 't kill Leanne in self-defense . I didn 't kill her at all . She was dead when I found her . Then why the hell did you confess ? For this file . I 'd found out that The Falcon was protecting the file and she had the only device that could read it . Freeze . Drop your weapon . With Leanne dead , I knew that the only way to get access to that file was to confess to her murder . If it was requested with the discovery powers granted in a murder investigation , Reiden would be legally forced to release it . I did it . I killed her . I needed a cop to arrest me and a lawyer to request the file . I knew you both would be so desperate to prove you were right that you 'd do whatever it took to find the device . So , you were lying ... - the entire time . - To both of us . If I had told you I was innocent , you both would be so busy looking for the real killer that we 'd have missed our chance . Dariela . This is not over . So you didn 't kill Mansdale or Leanne ? I 've never killed a Shepherd . They take lives , futures . I can 't cross that line . So , if Reiden and the Shepherds were after this Melvatox-B , what is it ? I don 't know . But they will kill to keep it secret . We need to find out what they 're doing with it and stop them . Good morning . Here 's your candy . Enjoy it . - Good morning , Isaac . - Good morning . - How are you ? - Good . Great . There you are . Good morning . Enjoy the candy . Dariela ? What 's wrong ? What 's going on ? It 's Clem . We don 't have much time . You 're the only one who can save her . Save her ? What-what are you talking about ? I 'm sorry . I don 't , I don 't know how to tell you this , but we ran some tests on Clem 's blood and she 's pregnant . And somehow Reiden found out about it and-and she 's been abducted , kidnapped . But I found her and you have to go to her now . _ Listen , I can explain , okay ? Abigail is my sister . _ - _ - _ - I think I can talk them down . - Tessa , just don 't ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ No ! What 's happening ? Is this because that thing smashed your clicker ? I don 't think so . Home . I traced where the mercs took Clem ... and I told Mitch . Let 's pray he gets to her in time . Abe . I know what I did was wrong ... but I did it for Isaac . You can 't stand there , pretending ... you didn 't consider turning Clem in yourself . I spared you the guilt of that decision . And I can live with that ... but I can 't be in a marriage where my husband despises me . When this is over and Isaac is safe ... I think ... we should get a divorce . That ... that was your chance to disagree . I separated some of the child 's DNA from Clementine 's blood sample . This child ... is not just a miracle . It is our salvation . It shares the same hormone as the new hybrids . It is the missing piece to solving the TX-sterility . Clementine and her child must survive because if they die , all of mankind dies with them . Wake her up . Okay , sweetie . You 're okay . There 's someone you should see . Oh , my God , is that ... It 's a boy . He 's beautiful . Tell The Gentlemen that bidding will begin at $ 80 million .
