 This wall exists here , at one of the most inaccessible places . These types of walls , they exist all over the world . The building style is not similar , it is identical . Were alien structures built on Earth as part of a master plan ? That these temples actually act as batteries . They store energy and they also allow the energy to expand at certain times during the day . Could they reveal an extraterrestrial connection ? Ancient cultures around the world connected their temples to each other almost like a master circuit board . And did they serve a larger purpose , one that reaches beyond Earth ? They 're somehow looking at the Earth from space and seeing how these structures would fit around the globe . Who could be doing this , except for extraterrestrials ? ♪ ♪ Siem Reap , Northwest Cambodia . Just outside the magnificent ruins of Angkor Wat stands an ancient pyramid temple known as Baksei Chamkrong . While it is a solid rock structure , and therefore cannot be carbon dated , mainstream archaeologists suggest that it was constructed in the tenth century AD . 9,000 miles away , in the Petén Basin of Guatemala , lay the ruins of the Mayan city of Tikal . Amongst the long-abandoned structures is a Temple of the Great Jaguar , which is believed to date back to the eighth century AD . When you see pictures of these two pyramids on two different continents , they 're virtually identical . It 's as if the same architect had designed both of these . Although the Cambodian pyramid is much smaller than the pyramid in Guatemala , the similarities between the specific design features are uncanny . Both have an unusually steep slope angle that we don 't see in other pyramids , they both have a stepped formation . There 's a stairwell going up the middle , there 's a domed area on the top , there 's a little door that goes in and there 's interior structure that looks the same , as well . You have the civilization in Cambodia and the civilization in Mesoamerica . There are so many parallels , it 's incredible . It 's unbelievable that scholars haven 't , until now , recognized those parallels . Is it possible that they were working off the same blueprint ? And if so , where did that blueprint come from ? Could it be that these seemingly unrelated sites , located thousands of miles apart , share a common architect ? Cambodian lore attributes the building of Angkor to Preah Pisnokar , a being of half-human , half-divine origin . Preah Pisnokar is the son of the moon goddess and a mortal . One day , she takes him up to Heaven , where he meets the great high god Indra , who decides that the boy is to be given special schooling . At Indra 's Heaven , he was given instructions . Instructions about mathematics , engineering , architecture , all these different scientific disciplines . One very provocative way of looking at this story is that Indra 's Heaven is not just a place in the stars , that it 's actually a spacecraft . And that Preah Pisnokar was instructed by extraterrestrial beings on this craft in the art of temple making . According to ancient astronaut theorists , an interesting parallel exists between the Mayan and Cambodian stories . In the Maya manuscripts , the god Kukulkan is responsible for their temple architecture . He was also credited with educating humans on mathematics , engineering and science , the same teachings attributed to Pisnokar . Kukulkan is supposed to have descended from a star . He 's represented as the feathered serpent , but also he 's represented , he 's a big being with the helmet , a helmet has rays on it , and he 's sitting on a half-open sort of egg . He was the teacher , according to Central American mythology . He definitely is an extraterrestrial . Could these two otherworldly architects be one and the same ? And if so , does further evidence of a master builder exist in other parts of the world as well ? In Mesoamerica , we have the gods associated with the construction of the pyramids over there . This reflects the same kind of entity that the Mesopotamians reported , that the Egyptians reported as being the architect that designed the cities , that designed these structures . So you have the same pattern and the same claim happening over and over again over a span of at least 7,000 years , where it 's the same type of god , planning and directing the construction of these types of similar buildings . We seem to be talking about the same architect that seems to be crossing different continents at different times . It 's interesting that when you start looking at all of these structures covering many thousands of years , you begin to see that there 's a relationship . Pyramids are found by the hundreds in nearly every region of the world , including Central America , Mesopotamia , Egypt , China and even Antarctica . And many cultures most sacred structures appear remarkably alike . It is striking that you can travel around the planet and you can find structures that are similar in nature . For example , in China , the Xi 'an Altar of Heaven , or the stone circle above Saksaywaman in Peru . All over the planet , you see tall , megalithic architecture . You see cyclopean stone structures , as well . A bunch of primitive people somehow get motivated all over the world to haul around these gigantic blocks of stone that could be 20 tons , 100 tons . And everybody around the world seemed to be doing the same thing . There is a kind of a master blueprint that we see in the architecture , and it 's not in just one or two or three civilizations , it 's in all the civilizations . China , India , South America , it 's there . Archeologists tell us , " Well , there was no connection at those times . " There had to be something , that 's too much of a coincidence . So there we get the idea that it 's more of a network than any single structure . And they sort of feed of ch other . Are the curious parallels between structures seen throughout the world truly random , or could they be interconnected ? And if so , was it important not just that the temples were built , but exactly how they were constructed ? Cusco , Peru . The remnants of the Coricancha , or Temple of the Sun , are considered a marvel of Incan architecture . Modern engineers say the precision of the stonework rivals that being produced today with advanced machining . But incredibly , the Inca weren 't the only ancient people to achieve such building proficiency . 6,500 miles away in Giza , Egypt , we see the same signature building techniques at the Valley Temple next to the Sphinx . Let 's say you stand in front of the Sphinx temple in Egypt and you look at the stone masonry there . And then you had the capability of closing your eyes and the next moment you 're at the Coricancha temple in Cusco . Well , if you wouldn 't know where you are , you couldn 't tell the difference between the two , because the engineering styles of those two temples are very similar . What you find is that the blocks are fitted together so tightly ... What makes these structures so impressive is not only their design , but also the fact that they were built with megalithic stones . Some of these massive blocks are so large that even engineers today have no idea how they were put in place . The limestone blocks at the Valley Temple are estimated to weigh upwards of 200 tons each . And many of these stones had to be lifted and placed up to 40 feet aboveground , or the height of a four-story building . However , this was not merely accomplished at these two sites . Across the globe , ancient cultures chose , time and time again , to build with similar awe-inspiring blocks fitted together with minimal clearance between adjacent stones and no use of mortar . Even more confounding is the fact that many of these megalithic constructions were built in impractical locations , often thousands of feet above sea level . Santorini , Greece . Researcher and editor Giorgio Tsoukalos traveled to the ancient site of Thera on the island 's highest peak . The megalithic architecture found here dates back to at least the ninth century BC . This wall exists here , at one of the most inaccessible places . In order to get here , you take a car , you go up these harrowing switchback roads and then , you 're on foot for at least 45 minutes . And so the idea that is given that this was just built on a whim , to me , seems insane . There had to have been a reason why this is here . The blocks are huge . There is one block right here that 's at least six feet long and one here , seven feet long , and they 're about 32 inches thick , so we 're talking blocks of stone that are as big as people , weighing about a ton or more . And we have 12 levels of stone blocks . Twelve ! This was placed here deliberately . Deliberately . This is not coincidence . Somebody at the quarry said , " We need a stone of this particular size , that fits right here . " And walls like this not only exist in Greece , but in Italy , in Spain , in South America , and also in Egypt . So , the building style is not similar , it is identical . The use of such enormous blocks is the main reason many of these ancient structures , like the walls at Thera , have survived until today . But why was it so important that they remain standing thousands of years into the future ? There was an architect here who had complete understanding of stone , of masonry , and that you can do extraordinary things with it that will last a lifetime and forever . Not only did they actually build things which were guaranteed to last , often they were working with unusual angles . And they 're so tightly fitted that earthquakes find it very difficult to break them apart . In fact , they are earthquake-proof . Ancient astronaut theorists point out that other common design elements were incorporated in structures throughout the world to ensure their longevity , including the widespread use of metal braces inserted into keystone cuts to reinforce ancient constructions . This unusual way of fitting large stones together is found in ancient Egypt , it 's found in ancient Ethiopia . It is found in India and Greece and in Italy . It is found at Angkor Wat in Cambodia . It 's found at the Champa sites in Vietnam , and we find it in Peru at Ollantaytambo and at Cusco , and we see it also at Tiwanaku and Puma Punku in Bolivia . The two stones essentially have a channel dug in between them , and there 's a certain slot into which is poured molten metal . Now , this brings up all kinds of questions because , one , alloys were not supposed to have been discovered until about 2500 BC . The fact that these stones go back to at least 13,000 BC creates a huge problem . We have here , again , shared technology crossing a huge span of time in order to make sure that the stones never , ever fall apart . People working on different sides of the world trying to build similar things are not necessarily going to think of the same way to build it in certain respects . The similarities in the way some of the stones were cut , the keystone , other factors that people wouldn 't necessarily think of , for them to show up , and for them to be used to give greater duration to these structures way beyond any reasonable expectation that the people living then were gonna continue to use these , tells us that there 's somebody maybe with a longer time span was behind the design of these things . Whoever was be the design wanted these things to last a really long time . Who were the teachers of these engineering styles ? The only conclusion there is , is that aliens had a hand in these creations a long time ago . They 're all human-made , but with the assistance or the technology provided by extraterrestrials . If ancient structures found all over the world were built to outlast the beings that constructed them , is it possible that they were meant to serve a greater purpose , one not known to the builders themselves , but only to those who instructed them ? Giza Plateau , Egypt . The Great Pyramid is arguably the most enigmatic structure on the face of the Earth . It is the only surviving Wonder of the ancient world , and has inspired endless speculation as to how it was built and what purpose it served . Ever since the first studies of the Great Pyramid in Egypt have been made , researchers have been amazed at the mathematical knowledge that is encoded into the Great Pyramid , the measurements that are used in it . Even the placement of the Great Pyramid has aroused great interest among Egyptologists . The Great Pyramid is aligned to within 3 / 60ths of a degree of north , a more accurate alignment than any other structure on Earth . When you look at the Great Pyramid 's alignment , it 's aligned very , very close to true north . Even more interesting is to think about tracking back in time , because the Earth 's axis has been shifting slowly . It 's what we call " precessis . " And so , if there 's been a shift in that alignment , it could be that it was even more accurately aligned to north in the past when they built it . The Great Pyramid is not only perfectly aligned to the cardinal points , its placement on the Earth is seemingly intentional as well . If you pass a great circle from the Great Pyramid through ... Since the first accurate survey of the Great Pyramid in 1925 , mathematicians and researchers have discovered even more profound connections relating to geodetic information , or information pertaining to the measurement and representation of the Earth , encoded in its design . The Great Pyramid was built with a level of technological sophistication far in excess of anything that we have today . They don 't use the inch as we normally have it in the English system ; it 's the cubit . And what 's interesting about the cubit is that it is exactly 1 / 25 millionth of the polar diameter of the earth , meaning the distance from the North Pole to the South Pole of the Earth . Chop it up into 25 million pieces , there 's a royal cubit . It 's perfect . If you actually take the length of the Great Pyramid at its mean Socket level , which is the corners of the actual building , it translates into 365.24 pyramid cubits , which just happens to be the Earth year , right down to a quarter day . The measurements of the length and width of the perimeter of the Great Pyramid correspond to an exact fraction of the both the latitude and longitude measurements at the equator . Scaled up , this means the Great Pyramid directly corresponds to the circumference of the equator , as well as the measurement from the Equator to the Pole , making it a scale model of the Northern Hemisphere . Recently , using satellite technology , researchers have realized yet another advanced formula encoded in the design . If you take the location of the Great Pyramid as a coordinate , this number sequence of this coordinate matches exactly the speed of light traveling through space , measured in meters per second . This is amazing stuff . When you consider the vast amount of information about the Earth that 's encoded into the Great Pyramid , you can 't just dismiss all of this as pure coincidence . Although the Great Pyramid at Giza offers an astounding example of encoded information , other sites around the world , such as the Mesoamerican pyramids and the ziggurats of Mesopotamia , have also been found to be aligned to exact cardinal points , and embody mathematical concepts . These buildings were built under divine guidance . This is a mark of the gods . They put certain things in these buildings to let us know they are not entirely of human origin . They represent something larger than we are . The builders wanted to make sure that a future generation would know that there 's a discrepancy in knowledge . And what I 'm suggesting is that all these ancient structures are calling cards left by extraterrestrials . Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that evidence of extraterrestrial intervention in the construction and placement of these incredible structures can also be found by examining their alignments with the stars . If I wanted to leave behind a piece of evidence that suggests where I 'm from , one way , for example , is by creating monuments that are in the shape of constellations . In ancient Egypt , the three pyramids are aligned with the constellation of Orion 's belt . The pyramids are not the only monuments that have this particular configuration . The ancient site of Teotihuacan , in Mexico , also contains three pyramids that are oriented to match up with the belt stars of Orion . And other sites throughout the world have been found to have similar astronomical alignments . Were ancient structures , and even entire complexes , purposely encoded with advanced principles so that future generations would recognize an otherworldly influence ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , but suggest an even more profound purpose might be revealed by examining these structures from an extraterrestrial perspective . Saint-Jean-de-Matha , Quebec , Canada . May , 2016 . After extensively studying the manuscripts of the ancient Mayan civilization that reached its peak in 1000 AD , 15-year-old student William Gadoury stumbles across something astonishing . The star diagrams contained in the documents perfectly correlate with the layout of existing Mayan cities . Gadoury discovered that there were 22 star maps in the texts that lined up with the cities very nicely ... 117 different cities . But there was a 23rd map , in which one of the cities did not exist on the map . Now , he was really concerned about this because he felt , wait a minute , this is like a treasure map , and " X " marks the spot . Gadoury found it odd that only one star on the maps did not match up with a Mayan city , and concluded that perhaps it really did exist , but had not yet been discovered . With the assistance of the Canadian Space Agency and Dr. Armand Larocque , a remote-sensing specialist from the University of New Brunswick , Gadoury was able to use satellite imagery to pinpoint the exact coordinates where the city should be . What they see is absolutely mind-blowing . There it is , a perfect square object . It 's clearly angular , it 's clearly geometric . It has symmetrical proportions on both sides . This square , according to Dr. Armand Larocque himself , could actually be the foundation of a pyramid . Although archaeologists have yet to visit the site , the lost city was given the name K 'aak Chi , or " Mouth of Fire . " Gadoury 's discovery would seem to confirm that the Maya precisely placed their cities in a way that perfectly mirrored the stars above ... An astonishing accomplishment considering that the territory they occupied spans over 75,000 square miles . We have the entirety of all Mayan civilization , every one of those cities , perfectly gridded out , mathematical precision with star maps . How could a primitive culture have done this ? Ancient astronaut theorists say the Maya were told where to build their cities by extraterrestrial visitors , and suggest that this occurred with other civilizations throughout the world . But it was not only the stars that determined the placement of important sites . Many were also aligned with the very energy of the Earth itself . Herefordshire , England , 1921 . Alfred Watkins , a landscape photographer , makes a curious discovery . Many of the prehistoric standing stones , mounds , forts , and earthworks in the area fall directly in a straight line extending for several miles . He coins the term " ley lines " to describe these alignments , which he later finds throughout England and France . These so-called ley lines actually cross over all of the ancient stone structures , like Stonehenge or Avebury . Something is going on here in which this idea of these lines has some relevance . We see that the Templars borrowed this same science of grid lines during the Crusades , and then started to build all of the cathedrals throughout Europe on these so-called ley lines . Ancient cultures had this understanding that the world has lines of power to it . The ancient cultures understood that these lines of power were almost like sources of energy , and by building structures along these sources of energy , they could almost tap its power . In 1992 , after 30 years of visiting the megalithic standing stones in the Carnac region of France and hearing stories about energetic ley lines , thermodynamics engineer Pierre Mereaux sets out to discover if there is any truth to the theory . Mereaux actually went to Carnac in France , where there 's at least 80,000 standing stones . And , as a skeptic , he actually measured the energy of these stones and found that these stones actually act as batteries , as coils , as alternators . They store energy , and they also allow the energy to expand at certain times during the day , demonstrating that the stones are built exactly where they need to be to harness a specific energy . If extraterrestrials instructed our ancestors on where to build their most important structures , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , was it to exploit the power of the site ? Perhaps further clues can be found by examining what many consider to be the holiest and most contentious site on the planet . Chichen Itza , Mexico . August , 2015 . A sinkhole is discovered under the 1,000-year-old El Castillo temple . Scientists , worried about the stability of the pyramid , begin extensive examinations of the site . While investigating , they discovered two nested structures contained within the confines of the pyramid . The pyramid at Chichen Itza is actually not one pyramid , but three . These are built like Russian dolls . They keep repeating the same design feature , the same construction method , the same unit of measure over time . So obviously , something worked thousands of years ago and they kept repeating it again , and again , and again like a cookie cutter process . It is a pyramid that 's inside of another pyramid . We also see this at the Great Pyramid of Cholula , one of the largest pyramids in the world , just outside of Mexico City . Also , we see this at Djoser 's Pyramid in Saqqara in Egypt . So ancient peoples were , for some reason , rebuilding over and over again these ancient structures . Because they apparently were in a location that was so important . There 's something special about that place . Throughout the world , evidence of sacred sites that have transcended various cultures and religious traditions can be found . The Temple Mount is considered holy to all the world religions . The Temple of Solomon was built . Later , Christianity built their own churches upon it . This is where the prophet of Islam , Muhammad , had a vision wherein which he ascended to heaven . And it was upon this vision that proclaimed the Temple Mount to be sacred to Islam . But it was considered sacred before the ancient Israelites even came into the land of Israel . We read in the Bible about Abraham meeting a very strange priest by the name of Melchizedek , who was to have had his own temple there . So there was a very ancient connection to this specific place . In Lebanon , there is the temple to Baalbek . Later , under Greek control they built a different structure on the same foundation stone , and called the area Heliopolis . There are cathedrals throughout the world that had pre-Christian foundations . We have it all over the world , which means that a sacred site has a power of its own that is larger or older or longer lasting than any particular tradition . The thing is , the location is what 's sacred . Could it be that , much like the locations of the Mayan cities that are mapped out based on a cosmic grid and the ley lines in England , these worldwide sacred sites also connect to a larger blueprint ? The origins of the idea of a world grid can be traced back to ancient Greece . Philosophers like Plato were very adamant that the ancient sacred places were specially positioned along the face of the Earth in a very deliberate way , and they conformed to what was called a world grid . The temples were not placed haphazardly . They actually had a structure and purpose to them . In the 1960s , researcher Ivan T. Sanderson plotted out his own planetary grid based on Plato 's work . Other world grid researchers would later build upon his model . What they identified was that there was a geometric pattern that could be superimposed on the Earth , and that grid point usually started at the Great Pyramid itself . And they would go out from there in a geometric form . Russian researchers did a full survey of all of the large stone structures that have ever been found all over the Earth , a total of 3,300 different stone structures . And they found that every single one of them was built right on one of the lines of this geometric pattern . On this grid , sites like Stonehenge in England , megaliths in West Africa , the Bermuda Triangle , pyramids in Mexico and in Peru , islands like Easter Island . The bizarre city of Nan Madol , were also matching this grid . The specific power spots where we find pyramids and obelisks and other structures , may have not been chosen just by chance . It could well be that they are part of an integrated whole and their location is highly , highly important . Some researchers speculate that ancient cultures around the world connected all of their temples to each other , almost like a master circuit board , where one temple connected to another temple , connected to another , added to the power of the structure , added to the power of the line itself . When we think of the power grid , we think of the energy being transmitted along this grid . What if there 's something else going on here ? What if there 's something bigger that we 're not seeing ? What if this world power grid is actually receiving energy from the solar system or from the universe itself ? You have to ask yourself , who is it who 's overseeing this larger picture of all of these structures on the Earth ? They 're somehow looking at the Earth from space and seeing how these structures would fit on a large scale around the globe . Who could be doing this , except for extraterrestrials ? If the placement of structures on Earth were specifically plotted to serve an extraterrestrial function , might parts of this system still be online today ? And if so , does it serve a purpose beyond Earth ? Auckland , New Zealand , 1997 . Retired military and commercial airline pilot Bruce Cathie publishes his book The Energy Grid . In it , he details his experience observing UFOs during his time working for the New Zealand military . He noted that these crafts were always following straight lines . After mapping them , he discovered that they followed a distinctive grid pattern . Additionally , while flying over some of these zones , he also noticed that various structures were actively being built along the paths . Bruce Cathie maintained that the American military , starting in World War II , had also figured out this special grid that surrounds the entire planet , and that the military was using certain spots on the Earth to build military bases and other structures . Cathie suggested that the extraterrestrial craft may have been drawing power off the grid , and that after World War II and the Roswell incident , military personnel around the world had become aware of this UFO connection . So here we have an ancient grid structure , probably built by extraterrestrials , possibly to power their craft , that 's now being reconstructed today by the military . Could it be that ancient structures throughout the world were designed to function together as part of a massive energy grid ? And did the architects intentionally leave behind information for us to find , once we had the technological knowledge to recognize this system ? But why ? What were the alien architects trying to tell us ? Extraterrestrials knew that at some point in our evolution , a technologically advanced society would stumble across all of these ancient sites and see their correlation , thus forcing us to take into consideration that some type of extraterrestrials showed our ancestors where to build these things , not for them , but for us . The grid itself may , in fact , be a source of unconventional energy that we are not necessarily utilizing with our technology now . An advanced , intelligent race wanted to leave something behind for us to discover that would give us the clues to a greater level of science than we now understand . It could be that this master architect sought not only to influence the Earth , but also to connect the Earth to something greater or beyond our imagination . Perhaps this grid even extends out into the stars , and the world grid of the Earth connects with the grid of other planets as well , and then integrates the Earth into a huge colony , if you will , or integrated circuit throughout the cosmos . This will be profound for planet Earth , when this grid network is repowered , and we don 't know what effect it will ultimately have on our future . Maybe this will be the time when the extraterrestrials return . There are those who believe that the discovery of an ancient energy grid will offer a quantum leap in human achievement . Because by harnessing the energy of the Earth , we will not only advance beyond our planet , but far beyond the stars , and anything we could ever imagine . CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY A + E NETWORKS
