 Previously on " Somewhere Between " ... For one to live , one must die . Laura : Mommy 's coming , angel . I came back . To eight days before . Why am I the one under arrest ? She 's the one who attacked me . He 's a trophy keeper . All I 'm asking for is the code to the lock on DeBray 's apartment . These could be trophies he took from the first five victims . I 've never seen either of these . I 'm so sorry . You know I have no choice . I have to order the release of the detainee . If you live , my daughter dies . - We 'll call Jenny . - She 'll stay on top of Haskell . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Why is your hand on my person ? You , as a person of interest in this screwed-up case , aren 't going anywhere until I get answers . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [ Beeping ] ♪ Jenny : Laura . Laura : Thank you , Jenny . You 'll follow him home ? You won 't take your eyes off of him ? Cross my heart . He 's out . ♪ - [ Exhales sharply ] - Down , girl . Down . I 'm gonna sit by Mimi 's bed in that hospital . I 'm not moving till she comes to and I.D. ' s him . Nico and a chick who should probably be committed ... that 's nothing new . What 's new is one who 's worth the trouble . Good luck at the hospital . Yeah , thanks . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [ Car door closes ] ♪ [ Thunder rumbles ] Welcome home , dirtbag . ♪ [ Siren walls in distance ] ♪ [ Cellphone vibrates ] _ - Hello , officer . - Ma 'am . Ma 'am . Is this Mimi 's room ? - She can 't have visitors , ma 'am . - I 'm a friend . I 'd like to be there when she wakes up . Well , you 're welcome to wait out here . Please tell me if she opens her eyes . [ Monitor beeping ] ♪ Tom : And one was fired from the police for the brutal beating of a citizen . ♪ _ ♪ ♪ Nico : You 're just picking on me 'cause Mrs. Price is too scary for you . I 'm picking on you because Mrs. Price is untouchable . Look , I want to crush this guy as much as you do , so help me out here and give up your source . And no wise-ass , so help me . Okay . I couldn 't tell you this before because the reason I know the stuff that I do is not just a crime ... It 's a sin . I 've been doing something mega skeezy ... - even for me . - Uh-huh . I 've been going down to St. Joseph 's church and acting like a priest , in the confessional , to get secrets I can do something with , you know ? Well , last week , DeBray comes in , and he starts telling me what his plan is , - and if I ... - [ Raps table ] An uninformed observer might look at it this way : Disgraced ex-cop steals a motorcycle , winds up in an alley where a girl turns up dead . Next night , commits violent assault in an apartment where a girl turns up all but dead . So , you want to help me out here , or you want me to act uninformed ? Inspector Kupner , do you want to come in here and write up Mr. Jackson on charges of vehicular theft , please ? Won 't be the first time you interpreted the facts to suit the needs of the moment . Really ? Are we still there ? Five years , we ever left " there " ? Look , if you are still blaming me for , what ... not " cutting you some slack , " not " fixing " it for you , then you are not the man that I still , on no evidence whatsoever , think that you are . [ P.A. beeps ] Woman : 10-7-9 . All personnel ... 10-7-9 . - What 's a 10-7-9 ? - Bomb threat . You 'll need to evacuate the building , ma 'am . Nurse : Please proceed to the fire exit and follow staff directions out of the building . I have to stay with my friend . Everyone who 's mobile has to go . We 'll be moving the patients out as quickly as we can . Laura : There is no bomb . It 's Haskell DeBray . This is how he works . I will not leave her side . Man : Come along now . [ Alarm blaring ] [ Cellphone vibrates ] ♪ _ Hey ! [ Police radio chatter ] Second floor ! The cops want to talk to you ! Maguire : What do you want ? - Where 's DeBray ? - I don 't know . He came by to say hello , and then he took off . That 's not his apartment ? Why would I be in his apartment ? [ Cellphone vibrates ] _ [ Monitor beeping ] [ Door opens ] ♪ ♪ ♪ [ Monitor beeping ] [ Flatline ] [ Monitor beeping ] Haskell : Should I sing you a lullaby ? Like your little boy never heard from you ? - ♪ Hush , little baby , don 't you cry ... ♪ - [ Defibrillators charging ] [ Defibrillators discharge ] [ Groans ] [ Groans ] Help ! ♪ [ Defibrillators charging ] Help ! No ! [ Defibrillators discharge ] [ Groans ] [ Shallow breathing ] [ Monitor beeping ] [ Sighs ] Haskell : Why don 't you talk to her ? Why don 't you find out why she 's been stalking me ? Why were you at the hospital , Mrs. Price ? Laura : I 'm a news producer . I go where the story is . Is he clear to go ? Yeah , I 'll discharge him . Good . In that case , Haskell DeBray , you are under arrest for the attempted murder of Mimi Halderman . You have the right to remain silent ... I have no plans to remain silent . But I 'll only talk to one person . - Me ? - And then he literally zipped his lips and threw away the key . What 's he gonna tell you ? What , am I a fortune teller ? You gonna put him in a room with me ? Stripped , bound , and shackled . I told him nobody would be listening , but I was lying . ♪ ♪ [ Dialing ] [ Ringtone plays ] Man of the hour . Who 's speaking ? Laura : You have zero idea what he wants to tell you ? Invite me to Ruby 's talent show ? Where are you ? Market , crossing Geary . DeBray 's in the car ahead of me with Sarneau . All right , I 'll see you in 30 seconds . I 'm headed out the door . If you want to shoot me in the back , my spinal column starts right here . ♪ ♪ [ Engine revs ] [ Gunshots ] [ Engine revs ] [ Gunshots ] ♪ [ Sirens wail ] ♪ Get an ambulance ! Haskell : [ Gasping , coughing ] Man : Stand back , sir . ♪ Hey , hey ! What did you have to tell me ? They stopped looking for ... f-for me . Who did ? Who ? They didn 't keep looking ... Who didn 't keep looking ? The whole world 's looking for you . Who ? Hey ! Hey ! He ... He took mine , so I ... I took care of his ... ♪ Why did you want to kill Serena ? I didn 't ... get ... Why ? Hey . Hey , hey . Listen , look at me . Look at me . [ Gasps ] ♪ ♪ Nico : Why such a frowny face ? We just beat fate 's ass to the ground . Guy on the motorcycle ... DeBray could have a partner , and the partner could have shot him to stop him from talking . Hey , Cupcake ! Tell the lady what you just told me . Uh , we tracked the bike . Registered to a David Loquasto . He was in here earlier today to I.D. the jewelry . His sister was the fifth victim . I 've never seen either of these . Kendra : We couldn 't stop the man who killed his sister , so he took care of it . See ? You still holding me , Captain ? Case closed . [ Sighs ] What 'd I tell you ? Not a partner . Revenge . My baby 's gonna live . Yeah . Long enough to turn into a teenager and make you wish otherwise . [ Chuckles ] Don 't forget about Mimi . She didn 't die . No . We saved her , too . Oh , my God . Your brother . This time , the governor won 't have Serena to use as P.R. He won 't have to die . We did it . We sure did . [ Chuckles ] ♪ My husband must be sending out a search party by now . I left my car at the hospital . Will you take me ? - Oh ! - Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , hey , hey . Friends don 't let friends drive in a state of shock . I 'll drive you home . ♪ ♪ ♪ _ ♪ [ Rattling ] ♪ ♪ ♪ Nico : They stopped looking for me . They stopped looking for me . They stopped looking for me . Does this have anything to do with Ruby ? No , it 's ... It 's the police . That 's who 's supposed to look for guys like ... him . ♪ [ Engine shuts off ] ♪ Seat belt 's stuck . ♪ [ Sighs ] - Thanks for the ride . - Hold on , wait . - I 'll walk you . - That 's okay . If I let a girl walk herself to the door on a dark night , I 'd have to commit ritual suicide . You don 't want my death on your conscience , do you ? Or your blood on my sidewalk . - [ Horn honks ] - Yeah . Well , hold on , hold on . Hey , you think if I keep telling myself it 's over , I 'll actually believe it ? You 'll be sorry if it 's over . No more running around crazy in the streets with roguishly handsome me . Have you always found yourself so entertaining ? Come on . Admit it . I amuse the stuffing out of you . My stuffing 's perfectly in place . You know what I 'll miss ? Hmm ? Knowing what 's gonna happen . It made me feel ... god-like . That 's nothing new for you . Well , I , uh , guess I 'll see you next time the universe decides to break all its rules on your behalf . Yeah , next time . ♪ Goodbye . Nico . ♪ Yeah ? What did the guy do ? What guy ? On the video , the one that got you kicked off the force ? [ Sighs ] In the modern world , there 's nowhere to hide , is there ? - I 'm sorry . I shouldn 't ... - It was a meth factory ... in a house in El Sobrante . Guy just , uh ... escaped a cooking accident . Place went up in a fireball . Too bad his girlfriend and kid that he left behind did not survive the inferno . Too bad for my career with the police department I let my ... my disapproval of his behavior get the better of me . If it were me , I wouldn 't have been kicked off the force for assaulting him . - Oh , no ? - No . I would 've gone down for murder . It was close . ♪ Goodbye , Mrs. Price . Good night . ♪ Time is rushing away from , away ♪ ♪ Like American dreams ♪ ♪ I will be there , anyway ♪ ♪ Joining in this falling house ♪ ♪ Silence in the shade ♪ ♪ The animals are on the move again ♪ Man : Hey , Nico . ♪ Time is rushing away ♪ ♪ Like raindrops ♪ Thanks , Al . ♪ In every flowing stream ♪ Man : Even now , hours after the shooting took place , the entire area surrounding the station has been completely cordoned off . We have word that the police are actively pursuing the alleged shooter . Until an arrest is made , neither his identity nor the identity ... Did you get a look at the shooter ? Could you just hold me ? ♪ Please ? [ TV turns off ] [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry . I 've been crazy with this story . But it 's over now . It 's done . Is it over for Nico Jackson ? [ Sighs ] I need you to trust me that nothing happened and that I 'm done running around being certifiably insane . ♪ If there 's something you don 't have ... that you 're searching for out there ... ♪ Never forget ♪ ... I want you to find it right here . ♪ I 'll be there ♪ - ♪ Smiling back ♪ - Okay ? ♪ Silence in the shade ♪ ♪ The animals are on the move again ♪ ♪ There 's some music that you need to face . As in the entire San Francisco Symphony with extra brass and a choir ... - 112 text messages . - [ Gasps ] - Oh , my God . - They all want interviews . Chronicle ... Reader ... KJNA ... Promise me you won 't tell anyone where I 'm hiding . [ Chuckles ] Ah ! [ Laughing ] Ah ! You can 't hide . But ... You can run , hmm ? What do you say we , uh ... change our names , blow this town , start a new adventure , huh ? You mean , like , run a boat charter in Fiji ? Oh . Be mountain guides in the Alps . Freedom fighters in the Sudan . Ooh . Ha ha ! Oh , no . Cartoons instead of math homework . Do I hear the thundering crash of a Laurasaurus on the rampage ? Laurasaurus was about to go on a rampage ... Yeah ? ... but then she was distracted by the deep , musky scent of a T.Rex on the hunt . T.Rex forgot all about his prey ... [ Gasps ] ... and gently , firmly ... took hold of the Laurasaurus ... [ Moans ] - ... in his powerful jaws ... - [ Moans ] Woman : Coming up , Teacher of the Year turns Killer of the Year ... - Oh , my God ! - ... gives him a failing grade . Haskell DeBray 's co-workers are in shock , describing him as quiet but fiercely loyal . Serena , since when do you watch the news ? They 're releasing Jesse 's new video today , and I thought maybe they 'd show some of it . Well , how about this ? While we 're waiting for the video to drop , remember , before Christmas , those Mexican hot-chocolate cookies we were supposed to make , only somebody was , um , too busy at work ? Today , we are going to bake enough cookies to make Santa Claus beg us to stop . - Oh-ho-ho ! - Mm-hmm . [ Laughs ] Woman : Captain Kendra Sarneau was quick to give credit to the coroner at the scene . Up . You 've always hated me . The confession , sewn into DeBray 's jacket , revealed that he had been targeting mothers who had , in his view , abandoned their children . Records now confirm that several of his victims had , in fact , given their children up for adoption . This is when Ruby finds out the teacher she loves is a killing machine . This is when a normal uncle would drop in on his niece . ♪ Well , there 'd be drawing instead of math and tree climbing instead of sports and ... No , they 'd never have that . No , go ahead , say it . We 're talking about the perfect dream of a school . - Okay . - Animals instead of science . Chickens and mice and iguanas . This is pretend , right ? No , angel , this is real . I am going to find you a school with trees and frogs and eggs to gather . And maybe just a little bit of math , because you do need that , too . But ... not too much , okay ? [ Laughs ] [ Cellphone rings ] It 's Auntie Mara . Can I say hello ? Of course . I miss you , Auntie Mara . I miss you to smithereens , little one . Are they torturing you to make me do an interview ? With hot needles . Huh . Tell them three minutes , no questions about Tom , and , uh ... I 'll call it an exclusive , tell the rest of the world to suck eggs . - Mommy ! Language ! - Acceptable ! Borderline . ♪ I 'm on my way . - But after I make these cookies . - Mara : Okay , bye . This tough cookie . You ... [ Both laugh ] Maybe we should just eat the batter . That 's my favorite part . What do you think ? ♪ ♪ We are meant to be adored ♪ [ Knock on door ] ♪ Don 't play my heart strings ♪ Hey , Ruby Tuesday . It 's me . Come in . ♪ See the harmony ♪ Ahh ! I keep refreshing and refreshing to see if they put up the new video yet , but they keep not putting it up , and it 's very frustrating . They 'll put it up soon . They 're just trying to build suspense . Hey , I brought you a present . The person who made it loves her little boy very much , and she put that love into every stitch . So when you wear it , maybe you 'll feel the love , too . You want to try it on ? - Thanks , Uncle Nico . - Ah , come here . Sweetheart , love ya . I came to tell you I 'm sorry about your teacher . Someone can be a good person and a bad person all at the same time . ♪ Oh , my love , you are so beautiful ♪ They have to know that everybody in the world is waiting , so why don 't they just put it up already ? It 's very , very , very , very frustrating . ♪ Grace : How 's she gonna feel when her daddy 's gone , too ? You have to help him . Mom , I think it 's gonna go better this time . Which time ? What are you talking about ? I-I-I ... I didn 't want to tell you this , because I was afraid you 'd get angry , but ... I have to . You know how they never found Susanna 's scarf ? Burned up in the fire . No . I saw it ... two days ago . - Mom ... - The D.A. ' s little girl was waving it out her window like it was a-a toy . Okay , Mom , one , there 's more than one yellow scarf in the world . Two , why would the D.A. give his kid 10-year-old evidence to play with ? And , three ... the really big three ... you can 't stalk the District Attorney 's family . It was Susanna 's scarf . Look , I 'm like you , Mom . Worried sick how Ruby 's gonna feel when her teacher dies and her grandmother goes to prison all in the same week . [ Cellphone vibrates ] _ Tell Ruby I 'll call her later . Mom , stay away from the District Attorney 's family . Okay ? ♪ Man : This time , the horse comes back , he 's got a blond that 's like 10 times hotter than the brunette , right ? And the bandit 's like , " Okay , cowboy , you got one more wish , then you die . " - [ Cellphone vibrates ] - And the cowboy 's like , " Uh , I think I better talk to my horse again . " He goes , grabs him by the ears , and he goes , " You dumb lousy animal ! I said posse ! " [ Laughter ] [ Man speaking indistinctly ] _ [ Laughter ] [ Laughs ] Well , I guess what happened is what every reporter dreams of ... being in the right place at the right time . Or the wrong and the wrong , in this case . And will the police be questioning you as a witness to the murder ? Revenge killing . And , yes , I think so . Which would be a good reason for us to stop right here . - We good ? - Yeah . - That 's great . - Thank you . - Appreciate it , Laura . - Thanks , guys . [ Bell rings ] - [ Clears throat ] - Thanks . Hey . Hey , angel . ♪ That looks great . ♪ What 's going on with you ? And don 't tell me everything 's fine . There is nothing . You are projecting . Which is exactly what you said when Mr. Nose Hair maxed out your credit cards and took off with the gardener . You swore on your father 's grave that you would not bring that up again . Desperate times , desperate measures . Is it that guy you 're seeing ? Mystery man ? - Who else ? - You need to end it with this guy . It 's not gonna get any better . If I could do that , don 't you think I would have ? [ Sighs ] Oh , Laura , you have no idea . ♪ Did you terminate a pregnancy ? ♪ How did you know that ? I know . Did the father pressure you to do it ? Out loud ? [ Scoffs ] Oh , no , he would never . But , uh , he did make it clear that if I didn 't , I would be twisting in the wind . I just keep thinking about this little munchkin that I 'm never gonna see and who 's never gonna skin her knee , who 's never gonna have her first kiss ... ♪ I believe in a just universe . One of these days , he is gonna pay . You deserve better . Aaron : Excuse me . Mara ? We just got the citizen video on the DeBray killing . Will you come help me log it ? - Yeah . - Okay . I 'll stay and go through it with you . - The video or my trauma ? - Both . [ Chuckles ] What is your desire , oh , master ? Okay , that is a long list , but for now , if you noticed anything unusual the other night , when the families viewed the evidence , that would be a great start . Come to think of it , there was this one thing . The new haircut is dreamy . Look , there 's not a single thing funny about this , so sit down and shut up . All right , what do you got ? The jewelry went poof . Never made it to the lockup . Did you see anyone hanging around that cart ? Sorry . Long gone to eBay , bro . Get your piece of a bona fide sociopath . You know what I 'm not ? - What ? - Surprised . I 'm having serious concerns about the integrity of law enforcement right about now . And the crapstorm keeps on coming . Victim 's brother was at a wedding in Carmel , and he 's in all the pictures . He didn 't shoot DeBray ? Came home and found his motorcycle stolen . ♪ It 's not revenge . It 's a partner . What ? I got to go , but new haircut is dreamy . ♪ Mara : Roll the citizen video . [ Keyboard clacking ] Aaron : They 're just loading DeBray 's body on the gurney . Can you stop right there ? ♪ Laura : Hey , guys . Do you got anything good here for me ? Darla : Hit-and-run , worked with special-needs kids , won Teacher of the Year ... great human-interest story . Not for us . ♪ Laura : It 's the same shirt . That was Haskell DeBray . He was already dead . Who was ? Don 't let Serena out of your sight . ♪ [ Dialing ] [ Ringing ] Hey . Nico : Look up . - What ? - Look up . Laura : What are you doing here ? Brother wasn 't the shooter . That was a decoy . The brother was somewhere else . It 's worse than that . DeBray was killed five days before Serena disappeared the first time , in a hit-and-run . I saw the footage . It was him , Nico . DeBray isn 't the one who 's going to kill my baby . The real killer is still out there . It 's not over . You can just get into traffic cameras , just like that ? - Mm-hmm . Public access to public security . - Mm-hmm . That was the guy we 're tracking ? - Yeah , backwards , from the police station . - Okay . Shooting happened a couple minutes before 12 : 00 . Go for something on ... Broadway and Van Ness . Hey . Huh ? Mimi 's vitals are A-okay , getting A-okay 'er . As long as she 's breathing , we 've got fate up against the ropes . Laura : There he is . All right , so the bike was stolen in Emeryville . Head back towards the Bay Bridge . Okay . There 's your man . Go to the toll plaza . [ Keys clacking ] - There ! - Ah , yes ! Okay , the wrist . Can you max that image ? Can I max that image ... What can you tell from a tattoo , or whatever that is ? You 're looking at a guy that solved a triple murder in Cole Valley off a bent coke spoon . Can you make that any clearer ? Not with the tools at hand . All right , send me a screen cap . I 'll send it to Jenny . She 'll work on it . Go back to where he stole the bike ... Hollis and 38th . He had to have put on the helmet somewhere . Mm-hmm . All right , so , here he is at 60th ... 57th ... Huh . That 's weird . Okay . It 's okay . I 'll get him at 48th . ♪ Is the camera broken ? No , they 're different cameras . Go back to 60th . What ? Somebody 's erasing this ... right now . What do you mean , " right now " ? I mean , like , right now , while we 're doing this , somebody else is in the system , and they are wiping pixels . They 're going backwards , just like we are . Okay , okay , all right . Relax . Uh ... Go back to the toll booths . [ Scoffs ] Anybody can peep and creep , but to delete ? I mean , this is somebody with some serious access . Yeah , " somebody . " We got a killer happening to know DeBray was headed back to the police station . That and magical disappearing evidence ... Yes , it 's about the police . But it 's also about Serena . You want to walk me through that ? Laura : Whoever killed Serena pretended to be DeBray when he called in to my show , to throw everyone off . - Mm-hmm . - Are you with me ? So far . So how did he know that a proud serial killer wouldn 't just pop up and say , " That wasn 't me " and ruin his plan ? It 's a bit of a leap that a proud serial killer would do that . Yes , but it 's a possibility . So what 's the real killer 's only way to be 100 % sure that wasn 't gonna happen ? Kill Haskell DeBray . And what happened to Haskell DeBray the first time ? Killed in a hit-and-run , five days before Serena was killed . We don 't know if that was murder . Either way , he told no tales . Okay . So , either you 're drinking the opium-laced Kool-Aid , or the guy that shot Haskell DeBray also wants to ... kill Serena . And the only leads we have are a blurry video and your theory . That somewhere out there , there 's a cop who knows what 's under that helmet . We got to go to someone who can find that cop . Who is this " someone " to whom a citizen can " go " that isn 't so far up the cop 's ass you need a digging crew to find them ? There 's only one person , And he 's got the best investigators in the state . ♪ Oh . The footage disappeared while you were looking at it ? Who has the access to do that ? Only the police . And the shooting ? Besides me , only the police knew where DeBray was headed . You 're leveling quite an accusation , Laura . That 's not the worst part . The jewelry from DeBray 's apartment never made it to lockup . It 's gone . Well , DeBray is dead . What does somebody gain from stealing that evidence ? [ Scoffs ] I don 't know . But whatever these people are trying to hide , the man who shot Haskell DeBray is out there . Hmm . Tom , if you nail the dirty cop and get him to talk , you can catch the killer before he kills someone else . Then I 'm gonna have to nail him , aren 't I ? It goes without saying this stays in this room , right ? - Yeah . - Of course . Good . Good . Okay , uh , Janet ? Serena , how about we take you home , little lady , and we have taco night at the ranch , huh ? - I make the guacamole . - Deal . Captain Nico , you come , too . Uh , sorry , Serena . Captain Nico 's got to catch a couple more bad guys before I can have a taco . Mm . Tom : Janet , can you have them bring up my car ? Of course . Oh . Look at that face . And he 's even more beautiful in person . Whoa , whoa ! Wait a minute . You know Jesse ? From when he came into the office . Oh . Swoon . He let me take my picture with him . Yeah , there he is . Thanks , Janet . You met Jesse , and you didn 't tell me ? What was he doing here ? Sometimes when famous people have trouble with fans , they come to us for help . And that is all I can say because of ... ? Confidentiality . That 's my little lawyer . Okay . iAndiamos comer tacos ! - Hey , thanks for hearing us out , Mr. Price . - Mm-hmm . You be good , Serena , or you know who 's gonna hear about it ? - Captain Nico ! - [ Laughs ] Hang on one second , sweetie . Mr. Jackson . If there were anything I could do to ease your family 's pain , I would do it . So I hope I can count on you not to pursue the matter through my wife . Sure thing , Mr. Price . 'Cause you and me , we both know how important it is to be able to count on somebody . ♪ ♪ Jenny : There 's nothing there . I can hit three buttons right now and tell you what street vendor in Shanghai serves the juiciest sheng jian bao . NASA can tell me what every rock on every moon of Jupiter has for lunch . Somewhere out there , there is software that can pull an image out of that blur and save a little girl 's life . Find it , or in five days , Serena Price drowns in Black Pine Cove . ♪ ♪ Good morning , muffin . I 'm fancier than a muffin . I 'm a croissant . Oh . I know what kind of croissant you are ... ham and cheese ! A vegetarian can 't be ham and cheese . I 'm chocolate . [ Gasps ] Two chocolate croissants , please . - Coming right up . - Yeah ! - Yeah ! - I 'll go get some . Yay ! Hey , you know you 're gonna have to make them yourself when we run away to Fiji . Mm . Did you get that call yet from your office about ... I 've got my A-plus investigators on it . Gonna hear something soon , okay ? I will be right back . Yay ! We love you , Mommy . Love you guys . ♪ ♪ Oh ! Sorry . ♪ No , no . ♪ Hey ! ♪ Serena ! [ Sighs heavily ] [ Exhales sharply ] Serena , did somebody come in here ? A messenger was here . He brought something for Daddy . - What ? - A yellow envelope . You know , like this . The kind he always gets from the office . [ Exhales deeply ] Okay . I 'll be right back , okay ? Why is the door locked ? Sorry . Reflex . Hey . That was the man who shot Haskell . - Who was ? - The messenger who was just here . - What 'd he bring you ? - You 're joking , right ? No . It was him . That was his helmet and his jacket . I 'm sorry , I 'm not following . I-Is there a reason an assassin would be delivering packages to me at home ? He was here , so you tell me . I-I-I will take this as some kind of a reaction to the trauma of what you saw , and I will ask you ... Did you see the man 's face at the shooting ? No . - Did you see it today ? - No , he was wearing a helmet . Was there something distinctive about that helmet or that jacket which tells you it was the same man ? No . There wasn 't . Okay , then . Do you feel better ? [ Exhales sharply ] [ Chuckles ] Yeah . So , what was the delivery ? From the office , some files . Why ? I 've been expecting something from work . You didn 't get an envelope for me ? No , babe , just that . I 'll come down in five minutes , have the croissants with you guys . I 'm Just gonna finish up with some e-mails , okay ? Okay . ♪ [ Door closes ] ♪ ♪ ♪ [ Monitor beeping ] ♪ [ Flatline ] ♪
