 Ten years ago , the animal population mutated , endangering human life on the planet . Our team managed to cure the animals , but at a terrible cost . In an attempt to return the planet to the animals , a secretive group called the Shepherds released a gas that sterilized all of humanity . And then , labmade creatures called " hybrids " devastated the West Coast , so a massive barrier was constructed to protect the rest of North America , but new breeds have started to appear , so we reassembled our team . We battle on many fronts , searching for a cure to sterility while racing to stop the hybridsand the rogue Shepherd who created them to end the human race . The fight for mankind 's survival has just begun . Previously on Zoo ... At day 's end , you 'll have Clements and Lewis . Clem 's baby could solve the sterility problem ? Are you proud of yourself ? I 'm so sorry . You kidnapped ... How does that even compute as right to you ? It 's not . Isaac is not safe . We have to go after Isaac . After you had the affair , all I saw was betrayal . Now Isaac is gone , I don 't know how to look at you anymore . Jackson has a lead on someone who might be Abigail 's partner . Somebody named Mr. Duncan . What 's this ? It 's a surveillance photo of Mr. Duncan . He 's public enemy number one , but nobody knows where he is or even what he looks like . If I find him , I 'm going to take him down . Let 's begin . Tell me what you see . A pony ? And now what do you see ? A car . How about you ? What do you see ? A house ? This isn 't working . Run it again . There 's a service road here , just large enough for a landing . From there , we head to this building . It 's an old pharma research facility . It 's the only place large enough to stash that many kids within 20 miles of the radiation spike we detected . And we don 't know what kind of hostiles to expect . Abigail herself could be there . So we go in the southwest . More cover , - no choke points . - I got access to thermal imaging from the IADG satellite . This is from an hour ago . That 's where Isaac is . It has to be . Tell me what you see . A fire truck ? A crayon ? A sandwich ? You need to try harder . The MelvatoxB is allowing their brains to operate on the same frequency as the hybrids , but scaring them will flood their brains with corticotrophin . Which could dilute the MelvatoxB , you 're right . Let 's try this again . Dad ? We 're gearing up . " We " ? Yeah . I can help . Let 's ... set aside the fact that Abe thinks the baby you 're carrying could jumpstart the human race . Dariela 's gonna be leading this mission and ... I don 't trust her judgment . Not around you . She 's only out to save her son . I don 't blame her . I do . You 're not going . Focus . What do you see now ? Is it a white bunny with one red eye and one blue eye ? The zero frequency . Gives us bidirectional communication between the hybrids and our beacons . It worked . For hundreds of years , animals have served as guinea pigs to benefit humans . Today we use humans to benefit my hybrids . Warning . Security breach , southwest perimeter . My brother . So smart . Take what you can , wipe everything else . Round up the razorbacks and meet me at the fallback position . What do you want to do with the children ? - We don 't need them anymore . - Where are you going ? Abigail ! Anything ? Empty . - Same . - This isn 't possible . There was heatsignature confirmation on our descent . How can there be no one here ? Let 's keep looking . They knew that we were coming . Well , that looks oddly familiar . It 's a stasis tank . It 's just like the one you were in . What is it doing here ? Wasn 't Abigail dressed as a cop in New York ? Logan said he took a shot at her . Well , it looks like he hit her . Guys , we have confirmation that Abigail has been onsite . Abigail . And you must be Mitch Morgan 's daughter , Clementine . Now that we got that out of the way ... Abendegos . Where is he ? Locked in the vehicle bay . Mom ? Dad ? - Isaac . - My God . - Isaac ? - Isaac ? - Isaac ? - II got him ! Where is everybody else ? Where are the adults ? The lady said ... " The game 's over . " We 're live in upstate New York , at the dramatic recovery of the missing children from the Reiden medical trials . With me is Detective Logan Hale of the NYPD , who was instrumental in finding this location . Detective , what happens next ? Well , as you can see behind me , we have multiple agencies working together to confirm the identities of each child and to assess their health . Then we 'll begin the process of reuniting them with their families . Now , we ask that all the families please refrain from coming here . We understand that you 're desperate to see your children , but it will only slow things down . No , we 're gonna let the FBI handle that . One second . Detective , we found a series of tunnels underneath the facility . That 's how Abigail Westbrook and her people got out . I want bolos out to all the local law enforcement , and the border patrol , in case she tries to run to Canada . Okay . You should still get Isaac checked out by a doctor , but I 'm not seeing any problems . Your boy seems fine . We missed you so much , Isaac . I told everybody you were going to rescue us . Isaac , what was it like in there ? We don 't have to talk about that right now . What matters is that we got you back . Hey . Isaac 's been cleared , we 're getting out of here . What are you doing ? Well , Logan had to jump through a bunch of hoops to get the Feds to okay it , but ... we 're taking this thing with us . Well , that 's not the worst idea . - You know , I 'd ... - I know that you lost ten years of your life to one of these things , Mitch , and you probably hate it . But if we can get under the hood , there is no telling what we can learn about Abigail . I 'm more concerned about how you think you 're going to get it back to the plane . Let 's get Logan to do it . I don 't care if the closest neighbor is a mile away , I want to talk to them . - Okay . - Detective Hale , can I interest you in a bear claw ? Excuse me ? My wife won 't allow me to touch sweets , but , I have a 100mile rule . Whenever I 'm more than 100 miles from home , I can eat whatever I want . My weakness is Boston cream . Great , I 'm happy that I know that now . What do you want ? Never seen an IADG clearance quite that high before ... Agent Garrison . What do you want ? I 've had my eye on you for quite some time , Detective . Catching the Serenity Killer as a patrolman , infiltrating a Shepherd sleeper cell ... Right , so ... so you can read my CV . And ? And this . What am I looking at ? Four hikers were found dead in the Black Forest , in Germany . The coroner ruled they died after inhaling an unidentified toxin . I 'm in the NYPD . That 's a little outside of my jurisdiction . The autopsy also showed trace amounts of hybrid DNA on the bodies . There are no hybrids in Germany or anyplace else outside of North or South America . It 's a mystery . One we 'd like you to help us solve . I 'm a New York cop . Why me ? You have a history with the hybrids . Ten years ago , you were on an island facing down razorbacks before the rest of the world - knew they existed . - Really ? I think you got some bad intel there . Detective , please , I 'm well aware of your former life . Fine . Still not interested . Tarapoto , Peru . That 's where your teammates will find the next hybrid they 're looking for . And how the hell did you know about that ? Are you gonna stand there asking questions , or are you gonna accept my offer and start getting some answers ? - Got something for you . - What is it ? Three refugee camps near Tarapoto , Peru , were attacked last week . Eyewitness accounts say that the creature is some kind of a ghost . That disc contains reports that argue that this " ghost " is actually a new hybrid . Well , that 's convenient . Abe said we needed spinal fluid from new hybrids . Where 'd you get it ? I made some new friends . So this is the end of the line for me . I 've been given an opportunity , and I won 't be getting back on the plane with you guys . What ? You 're leaving the team now ? To do what ? It 's classified . - Seriously ? - Seriously . Is this about Mitch ? I won 't lie . I mean , if I thought that there was ... a future for you and me , I might stay . But given the state of things , I just think that this makes the most sense for me . But if you need anything , you know how to reach me . You 're not joining a cult , are you ? I 'll see you around , okay ? You found the kids ? Yeah , so that 's one in the win column , finally . I need to go see if that image of Mr. Duncan is finished processing . Yeah , I forgot to tell you , error message came up ... Something about a corrupted file . I 'll go check . I 'll prep the gear for Peru . We 're gonna need live rounds , no tranqs . - We 're going to Peru ? - Yeah . We got intel on a new hybrid out there . We need some more spinal fluid . And with Abigail in the wind , it 's pretty much our only play . Abigail was here . - I 'm sorry , what ? - What ? What do you mean , Abigail was here ? Are you okay ? She hurt you ? No , she didn 't touch me , but , um , she got Abendegos . - I 'm so sorry . - Okay , Clem , I need you to walk me through everything that she said . Okay ? You sure you 're okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . The hybrids swept through here on their way from Pangaea to North America . We thought they 'd all cleared out . I gotta say , you 've been taking me to some very romantic spots since I 've been back . You catching that charming smell of death out here ? I 've been in worse . Back when I was an intern at the zoo , my first job was piling up the dung in the elephant habitat . I one time chased a Shepherd in a sewer under a tandoori restaurant . Winner . Tell me you just saw that . What the hell ? Did that wolf just teleport ? Maybe . Mitch . Max ? Jamie ? Sorry about that , son . Reiden Global claimed they took the children to cure sterility . If that was a lie , I want an explanation . At least yesterday there was hope ... Hope for a cure ... The world is going to hell . Looks like it 's going well . I can 't get this thing to work . Look , Abigail is constantly one step ahead of us , and we are running out of time . If we can just get this thing to power up , we might be able to get to the data it has inside , find out where she 's been , and maybe where she 's going . I 've read studies about tanks like these , theories about how they work . A combination of experimental trauma treatment and induced hibernation . I never thought anyone had actually built one . That vent is for airflow . The power supply system is just like an electrical car . That thing is the electric control actuator . Now we just need to find the ignition coil . Here , try the , circuit tester . Clem , what 's going on ? Okay , so Abigail and I got into a bit of a catfight . But I 'm fine . Really . I 'll be the judge of that . Go take a seat . This is why I didn 't want to tell you guys earlier . I don 't want you worrying about me . You have your own stuff you should be focusing on . Clem , you 're carrying the baby that could save the world . There 's really nothing more important than you right now . I get it . Ten years ago , I was in your shoes . Pregnant ? Carrying the cure inside my blood . No pressure , right ? So what did you do when it all got to be too much ? Alcohol . That 's not really an option for me . Having people around me that I could trust didn 't hurt , either . What ? I 'm sure it 's nothing . I need to extract some blood . I 'll go get my kit . What happened ? You don 't remember ? Max ? Easy , easy . Come on . Look , the dart that I shot you with is not meant for humans . It 's ketamine mixed with atropine . A side effect is temporary amnesia . You shot me with a PL4 tranq . - Why ? - It was an accident . I 'm sorry . Probably lost a half an hour . You know I just lost a decade , right ? - Okay . - You want to take another 30 minutes ? What are you doing here , Max ? What are you doing here ? And how 's Clementine ? How 's the baby ? How 'd you know she was with us ? And how do you know she 's pregnant ? She called me . So you knew I was alive , and you ... you didn 't call me . Who 's supposed to notify who when somebody 's resurrected from the dead ? As far as I 'm concerned , it should be the one who 's resurrected . Yeah ? That 's the protocol ? Well , Jesus only took 40 days to let his people know . All right ! Max , what are you doing here ? There are rumors that there 's a 60foot snake , high as a man 's waist , - roaming in this area . - Of course . And here 's the thing ... No one 's actually seen it . Like a ghost snake . Exactly . And I have , finetuned this device to detect the heartbeat of a snake that size when it 's within range . I 've come close . Haven 't actually seen it . That 's what I do . I 'm a cryptozoologist . And this is my white whale . I think we 're looking for the same thing . Hey , I miss this . Isaac , why don 't you tell us a little about what happened inside that place ? We didn 't go outside . They gave us candy . We played games . - Like sports ? - No . The teacher called them " guessing games . " They were more like tests . We had to say what we saw in our heads . I never got it right , though . - Can I go watch TV ? - Sure . What did they do to him ? The candy , the images in his mind ... We know that MelvatoxB affects young brains . In the ' 60s , the CIA ran all kinds of cognitive tests with drugs ... LSD , MK Ultra ... To study side effects . Thankfully , there 's no trace of MelvatoxB in his system anymore . His tox screen came back clean . So he 's fine . Are you sure ? As sure as I can be . All right , I 'm gonna adjust the charge , so get ready . Did you check the camshaft sensor ? Yeah , twice . What 'd you do ? This thing is overloading . - Okay . - Pull the fuse . - All right . - No . Not the relay , pull the terminal . The whole thing . All right . I 'm just a little lost here , I 'm sorry . Maybe this ? Hey . We got the data . " Eight hours of cellular regeneration , hyper tissue mitosis ... " You did it ? These records are exact details of what was done to her . I wonder what else this thing knows about Abigail . So do I. But it will have to wait . I 'm here because we need to talk . I got your blood test results back . None of this makes any sense . I see the wolf 's paw prints coming into the area , but not going . Okay , you said your mythical snake is 60 feet long ? - Yeah . - That 'd give it a diameter of , what , - 40 inches , right ? - Give or take . Why ? Let 's say your snake does exist , but nobody can find it because nobody can see it . What , you 're saying it 's invisible ? Not exactly . Go with me here . Snakes are already pretty good at camouflaging themselves when they 're not moving . - Right . - What if this snake is a hybrid that has just taken its camouflage talents one step further ? So it can blend into its surroundings , even when it 's in motion . See that tree ? If the snake came in through there , ate the wolf , it would look like it just disappeared . Snakes don 't just gulp their prey . They crush them to death first , and then slowly eat them . Other animals swallow their prey whole . Monkfish , certain frogs . Maybe this snake is just borrowing one of their tricks . Yeah , but if it can do all that , how are we gonna find it ? Well , if we can 't see it , we , we 'll follow its path . A snake would return to its lair to digest . - We got to find its den . - That way . Your baby has HDF , hemolytic disease . It 's a blood disorder . In short , your blood has mixed with the baby 's , and your body is creating antibodies that are attacking the baby 's blood . What do we do ? Your baby 's blood type is extremely rare . I 've already called numerous blood banks , but it could take weeks to find a match . If we had the father 's blood , I could do an exchange transfusion , literally replace the baby 's blood . His name is Sam Parker . We met about three months ago in Colorado , but I don 't know where he 's living now . We have to do everything we can to locate Sam . If we get his blood in time , your baby will survive . Clem , you got to tell me everything you know about him , and I 'll start tracking him down . Yeah . So Jamie , I take it you 're back together with my son ? What are you doing ? What ? I can 't be happy my son 's back in a meaningful relationship ? Right . Because as soon as I confirm that 's the case , that 'll be your cue to make a move on her . That didn 't take long , did it ? I 've changed . Yes , I 'm sure you have . Isn 't it enough you just " accidentally " shot me in the neck ? You got to pretend to care about my happiness , too ? I swear , I don 't know how you 've become so cynical . I learned it . From the same guy who taught me about meaningful relationships . Look , Jamie is the person that I trust most . Okay ? Let 's just leave it at that . Hey , guys , I followed the pattern of broken branches to that building . I think I found the snake den . Okay , Max . Yeah . I 'm gonna need some spinal fluid from your snake . How much spinal fluid ? Well , if it 's as big as you say it is , about 250 cc 's ? You can 't do that , it 'll kill it . What are you doing ? While you guys debate the bioethics of invisible snakes , I think I know a way to see it . Anacondas and pythons can survive for 14 weeks without food . Our window for catching this thing is , is closing . Think your white whale 's here , Max . No , don 't kill it ! - What the hell are you doing , Max ? - Jamie ? This reptile can cloak itself . Can you imagine the scientific possibilities ? What the military would pay us if we could understand how it works ? There it is . I knew you had an angle . - We are gonna neutralize this snake ... - Yeah . We 're gonna get its spinal fluid . If it dies , it dies . End of story . - Jamie . - Yeah . Jamie ? Jamie ! - Jamie ! - Jamie ! Not surprising , but there 's over a hundred Sam Parkers in 32 different states , including Alaska . - Still ? - In every populated one , up to the barrier . You said you met him in Colorado ? Yeah , he worked near the barrier . He was building homes for hybrid victims at , the Hope Foundation . According to their Web site , the Hope org worked all along the barrier , even into Canada and Mexico , so ... All right , tell me more about him . You know , maybe we can find out where he went . He liked country music , drank gin , had a red Ford pickup . I don 't know , that 's about it . You know , Clem , I 've been hurt , too . I know how it is . I , was waiting on intel about a decommissioned Shepherd facility . That 's when I met Sam . He had these kind eyes . We started talking and , I don 't know , just kind of clicked . He asked me out on a date . The world being what it is , and this guy , he shows up with a bouquet of wildflowers and asks me out . We were together every day and night . Till I got confirmation that the Shepherd facility was somewhere in Eastern Europe . I had to go , it was the most solid lead I 'd gotten in months . And you didn 't want him to know . How would I even explain it ? So I pulled a guy move and I snuck out in the middle of the night . I didn 't leave a note . And I never looked back . Now I have to tell him that we 're having a child together . I doubt he 'll ever speak to me again . When he knows what 's at stake , I promise you , he will . Where 's Isaac ? In the bedroom . Reading the plane 's flight manual . Again . When are we going home ? Look , I was hoping we could all stay together . The work we 're doing here ... Abe , I know it 's important . But this plane 's no place for a kid . Isaac 's important , too . When we first met , there was nothing you wouldn 't do for our missions and for this family on this plane . Mitch can barely look at me . We 're not that family anymore . Abe , I think it 's best I take Isaac ... and leave . And I want you to come with us . I can 't do that . I know . And that 's what 's killing me . You need to be here for the team . Looking out for Clem and her baby . But one of us has to look out for Isaac . Clem , I had Logan check the national PNC database . A 1988 red Ford pickup registered to a Sam Parker got a speeding ticket in Pittsburgh yesterday . You said that 's where his parents live , right ? Yeah . We 'll set a course for there after your dad and Jamie return . We don 't know if he 's still there . I 've had my heart broken . Home is where I 'd go . - Jamie ? - Jamie ? Still not the worst place I 've ever been . The cat dragged this one in again . Well , it 's quite a homecoming . Nice to see you again , Mrs. Kenyatta . We got the spinal fluid . From a herd of what ? You guys look terrible , and that smell ... You don 't want to know . We got to get this plane up in the air . - Why ? - What 's wrong ? It 's Clem . Of course I checked . Their blood is incompatible . How can you be so sure , Abe ? I mean , no offense , pal , but you 've been a doctor for all of what ? 20 minutes ? Please . What does this mean for the baby ? It won 't survive if it doesn 't get a blood transfusion - in the next three days . - Maybe less . Transfusion from the father is the only solve . Well , we 're on our way to him now . We are ? Great . Who is this guy ? His name is Sam Parker . Maybe after we cure sterility , we can all go to dinner and you can grill him then . We 're flying into Pittsburgh now to find him . But there is no guarantee we 'll get to him on time . Okay . No one wants to say it , but ... what about the tank ? What ? No . Nope . That 's not ... that 's not an option . - That 's not gonna ... - Youyou know what , itit kept you alive and in stasis forfor ten years . It may not cure the baby , but it will prevent the HDF from getting worse while we work on a more permanent solution . But our opinion is not the most important here . If it 'll save my baby , I 'll do it . - Clem . - Dad . I know you just want to protect me . We 're the only family we have left , but these people are our family , too . They helped me find you and they brought us back together . They made sure you were safe and I know they 'll do the same for me and this baby . We 're all gonna be here when you wake up . I 'll find Sam . I promise . This isn 't goodbye , okay ? I 'm just unplugging for a bit . You don 't have to be all sentimental . I , think it 's time . We should give them some space . This should be family only . No . Stay . Please . Clem was right . Everybody here is family . You sure you want to do this ? Yeah . Hey , Jamie , how are you doing ? Hey . How are you ? Well , I keep telling myself that , Mitch spent ten years in one of those tanks and he came out just fine , so ... Clementine should , too , right ? She 'll be okay . The baby , too . We have two ... well ... well , make that three ... Of the best scientists in the world on this plane . That 's interesting . What kind of crazy compound is my son working on now ? What do you mean ? See that sequence of covalent bonds ? That 's Mitch 's signature . It 's kind of an inside joke only scientists get . Mitch ? Are you sure ? I 'm positive . See the bond angle and the spatial orientation ? That 'sthat 's all him . First time he used it was his high school science project . It 's kind of been his thing ever since . I don 't even think it 's intentional ... Excuse me . So you 're really leaving . Dariela . Dariela . You once told me it never mattered where in the world we were ... as long as we were together . I need you here with me . You 're Mr. Duncan . You lied to me . This photo wasn 't corrupted . You tried to erase it . How long have you known about this ? Look , I know it 's not your fault . Abigail put the biodrive in your head . But ... what else are you responsible for ? Do you even know ? How could you not tell me ? I 'm ... I 'm gonna tell the rest of the team . I have to . You didn 't give me a choice . I 'm sorry . Mitch . What have you done ? Hey , can I help you ? Hey , I 'ml 'm sorry to drop in on you like this , Sam . Um , my name is Jackson and , a friend of mine , Clementine Lewis , - sent me . - I 'm sorry , I don 't ... I know what I 'm about to say will sound impossible , um , but you were with Clem three months ago inin Colorado and , she 's pregnant . I don 't know Clementine . All right , look , II know that you probably don 't want to hear from her and II get that , but for what it 's worth ... You don 't understand . You have the wrong guy . I 'm in the Air Force and I was stationed over at Ramstein , Germany for the past year . And if you 're telling me some girl is pregnant , then , I mean , that 's amazing . But I could promise you it 's not because of me . Um , Sam Parker is a common name . Maybe you want to check ... Hello , brother . It wasn 't easy hunting you down . You have something I need . It 's time we finally got to know each other .
