 - Amelia , thank you for agreeing to do this interview . - Thank you for coming . - Thank you . - I 'm a little nervous . - Really ? How so ? - Cameras , people watching , kind of feeling the pressure , you know ? - What I actually mean is some people may be asking how it 's possible for you to even feel nervousness considering what you are . How did you feel when you realized that you were no longer human ? - What we 're working on is going to change the world . - Scientists have known for years that the human brain is essentially an electrical device . - Beginning data stream in 10 ... - Seven , six . - That 's where our memories are , everything about us . Our hopes , fears , dreams . - Six , five , four . - Transmitting neural impulses from the brain is nothing new . This , this is the next step . Containing those connections . - We can 't return life that 's already lost . But , we might be able to intercede before the moment of death and rescue a person 's consciousness before it 's lost forever . If we can do that , then that is the key to living forever , to saving those we love . To saving those who leave us too soon . That 's what we 're trying to do . - Every day we learn new ways to conquer the limits of the human body . We 're approaching new worlds , new frontiers , and new possibilities for life . And I will tell you , we are already looking forward to the students , to the pioneers , and the breakthroughs yet to come . Each day we hear new ideas , see new projects , and we meet new heroes . Here 's to building a better future . Here 's to building better people . - Dad used to say that life was like a light switch . You die and you 're just turned off . I don 't think he was ever afraid . - What do you think ? - Still not used to it , you know ? - Just ... Tell me what you need me to do . - Stay safe out there . - Here 's the thing , Adah , there 's no such thing as the natural order of life . - You 're saying in your book that transhumanism is humanity escaping the bounds of the human body , but again , keep in mind we 're talking to everyone that has the main idea that humanity is having flesh and bones , being human itself and having a physical body . - Everything that we engineer , everything that we do ... - for lunch there is celery . You need to tell that partner of yours that he 's a bad influence on you . Gotta keep you lookin ' good , mister . - Mm-hm . Maybe I can just call in sick to work and ... You know , one of these days I gotta tell Amelia I need more calories than a ham sandwich . - Enjoy it while it lasts . Still have things about each other you don 't know . - That 's not true , Vaughan . - Carter , I 've been married since college . You got five months tops , right , and then she accidentally leaves the bathroom door open or forgets to flush . Next thing you know , seven years go by and you got a mortgage . She starts talkin ' about kids . You guys have talked about that , right ? - Yeah . I mean , not recently . What the hell 's so funny . - Oh , it 's comin ' . Oh , welcome to the club of former honeymooners . You better start picking out baby names . Until then , enjoy this time . - I am . And you know what , I 'm actually looking forward to picking out baby names . I am . - All units be advised , reports of a mentally unstable man on Lily boulevard . Can I get a responder ? - So much for lunch . - Are you okay , Mrs. Summerland ? - Did you forget something ? - Yeah , my tablet . - Yeah , right . - Sir ? - Sir , I need you to take your hands out of your pockets . - It 's a beautiful day , don 't ya think ? Look , take it easy , okay ? - Why didn 't you shoot me ? - It 's all right . It 's all right , it 's over . You all right ? I 'm gonna need you to put your hands behind your back , all right ? - Amelia ! - Carter . - So , Andrew 's leaning up against the bar , now bear in mind he 's really drunk right now , right ? And this woman , she saddles up next to him and she says , " when a woman asks you " how old you think she is , take your best guess " and subtract by 10 . " And Andrew here just goes , " I did . " Hey , Carter , we 're heading to the starlight tonight if you wanna come . - Yeah , I 'll see . - Tell her hey for me , all right ? - Hey beautiful . Brought you flowers . I missed you . Got big news today . It has been exactly six months this week since I stopped energy drinks and I 've been taking lunch to work . Mostly . I thought it was good ! - Really ? - I liked it . - You couldn 't have , you fell asleep . - It was , I ... But before that , before I fell asleep , I thought it was fun . - For three minutes ? - Uh-huh . - So , what else do you wanna do ? When you 're not ticketing adorable women for going five over . - Adorable , huh ? - And smart . - Okay . - And funny . - Uh-huh . - Yeah ? - Uh-huh . - What do you do ? - I don 't know . - Really ? Come on . There 's gotta be somethin ' . Maybe a little street piano playing ? - No , I could never really push a piano down the street . - Ha ! They are heavy . - Just sayin ' . - All right , okay . So you 're not very strong , I got that . How about something you can do or that you like to do . Anything . Something . - How ' bout I show you ? - Okay . What 's that ? - Jesus . Thanks for answering your phone . - I thought you had plans tonight with the guys . - Yeah . How are you ? - I 'm great . I paid off another installment . I applied for the Wesley Grant . I 'm using my site to raise donations . - Oh . Thought you said you were two months behind on your house . - Yeah . Amelia 's got maybe a few more months , maybe . But there 's still time . - Look , Carter . I know it 's tough to let go , I get it . If there 's anything you need , let me know . - I need more time . - Every day we learn new ways to conquer the limits of the human body . We 're approaching new worlds , new frontiers , and new possibilities for life . So , while I thank you for this award I will tell you , we are already looking forward to the students , to the pioneers , to the breakthroughs yet to come . Each day we hear new ideas , see new projects , and we meet new heroes . Here 's to building a better future . Here 's to building better people . - Of course I can 't believe it . Paul Wesley . - Well , congrats . - Well , thank you . So , Paul Wesley , when are you gonna start returning my phone calls ? - When your show stops pandering to corn fed housewives . Tell you producers to reach outside the box they 're in . - Ooh , ouch . - Ow . - I was referring to dinner , but I think I 'll rescind the offer . - Good to see ya , Adah . Take this . - Yeah . - I 'm on a flight in 30 minutes , Ellen . What have you got ? - I think we have a candidate . - The leukemia patient ? - No , he 's made a full recovery . - That 's unfortunate . - Amelia Summerland , age 26 , coma patient . Aneurysm two years ago . Diagnosis of locked-in syndrome . The brain is fully intact but much left on her body . - She 's married ? - Yes , Carter Summerland . - I 'm sorry , do I know you ? - I 'm Paul Wesley . I believe you applied for one of my grants . We need to speak to you immediately about Amelia . Any other family members our lawyers have to worry about ? - She 's an only child . Her parents are deceased . - Mr. Summerland , do you know what a non-disclosure agreement is ? - Yeah . - Good . Sign that . - Max , just in time . - Mr. Summerland , nice to meet you . Max Parker , lead robotics . We 're excited to show you the lab . Right this way . - Now entering cyber level four , section d . - All right , all non-essential personnel , clear out . Carter , I want you to meet Dr. Ellen Beckett . - Very nice to meet you , Mr. Summerland . - Dr. Beckett is the chief neurologist for Wesley enterprises . She 's been studying Amelia 's scans . - Most coma patients have seen significant deterioration by this point . I think there 's a wonderful chance that your wife is still in there . - Dr. Beckett is the main reason we 've made such progress in brain injuries over the past 10 years . - You can fix Amelia ? - Better . - Mr. Summerland , I 'd like you to meet Cindy 69 . Go ahead , touch her . This is the latest generation of the Cindy 69 companion robot . My design . - Max , couldn 't you have brought down one of the elderly assistance models ? - But Mr. Wesley , this model has the latest biosynthetic flesh , state of ... - Online . - That feels real nice . - Sorry . - That feels real nice . - Okay , sorry . - That feels real ... - Sorry about that . I didn 't think she was activated yet . - I don 't understand . - I apologize , Carter . Max 's social skills aside , you can tell that this technology is indistinguishable from human flesh . - Mr. Summerland , we can help Amelia by putting her brain into a new body . - Into that ? - We can build an exact replica of your wife . Wait , Mr. Summerland , we can help you . - You wanna help me ? Put Amelia in a better facility . Find me someone who understands locked-in syndrome . But that ? It 's not even human . - We have artificial hearts , artificial hips . We 've been replacing worn out parts on ourselves for the better part of a century . - You can 't tell me that 's the same thing . - Mr. Summerland , can I put it another way ? Kim . Okay , say I wanted to replace the front end of this pen . I take it off , put a new front end on . Ta-da , there 's my pen . But wait , what if I want to replace the other half of it ? No problem . I just unscrew that , right ? Screw a new backend on . There 's my pen . Uh-oh , but look , here are the two pieces that I replaced . If I were to put these back together ... Would that be the original pen ? Or is that the original pen now ? Hm ? Do you get it ? - You 've agreed to complete secrecy . You discuss this with anyone , the offer 's off the table . - I once had a daughter . In five seconds I went from driving her to school to a bed just like this one . We chose Amelia because she 's young . Her mind is healthy and we know when and how she 's going to die . We 're offering you the chance to see her , to hold her again . - If I say yes , what happens ? - You would sign power of attorney over to Wesley enterprises . You would give consent on your wife 's behalf to this procedure . - When your wife passes away , they take her body . She gets officially donated to scientific research , but we stay discreet . We then preserve her brain and begin a process we call mapping . - How long does that take ? - We need to acclimate her to a new body and she 'll require therapy , physical , mental . It 's gonna be some time . - We ask that you comfort us in this time and for the future . It is with our faith in you that we commit her body , her heart , her being , into your hands . - Insiders suggest something big on the horizon for the multi-billion dollar research facility . Many may remember Wesley enterprises was in a similar situation just a few years ago . - What else do you wanna do ? When you 're not ticketing adorable women for going five over . - This isn 't just Wesley enterprises playing it safe . - We 've seen literally everything from this company . Solar powered blankets , mission heat tiles , robot sex toys . I think it 's safe ... - to expect the unexpected . - Is Paul Wesley sparking another scientific revolution ? We 'll just have to wait and see . - And we say they fear what they do not understand . Talk about some of the good that Wesley enterprises ... - It is with our faith in you that we commit her body , heart , her being , into your hands . Into your hands . - Hello . - Hey , hey , hey , hey ! Step away from each other . - Hey , that 's enough . Back off . Hey , hey , hey , hey . - You back up and stay there . Don 't move . - You back off , asshole . - Do not move . - Oh my god ! - Hey , what the fuck is the matter with you ? Hey ! Get in the car . - I wrote a poem . - What about the soul ? What about the fact that we are created in god 's own image ? Quite frankly , I 'm shocked that a Nobel prize winner like Dr. Beckett would engage in work that seems to suggest that being human is nothing special . Which on the face of it ... - actually , senator , I think human beings are extremely special and worth saving . - Senator , if someone has early stage Alzheimer 's , then if the technology that she advocates becomes reality , it could save them , correct ? - I believe there 's a reason why we don 't live forever . We 're not meant to . - Human beings weren 't meant to fly either . We weren 't meant to travel in space . We weren 't meant to talk to each other from across the world . - Doctor ... - Dialysis , heart transplants , bypass surgery . You 're familiar with that one , aren 't ya , senator ? - Well , since I see you wish to make this personal , I 'd just throw that question right back at you . - That 's a good point , Dr. Beckett . Many are familiar with the tragedy that took your daughter . Are you saying in theory you 'd really be willing to replace her this way ? Don 't you think as her mother that might cheapen her memory ? - If you see what we 're doing as frankensteining someone . Which is absolutely not the case . - That is exactly what you 're doing . - We are talking about transplants . - The idea behind the technology that god has given us ? That 's not the problem . But with what some people might do with it . This theory that Dr. Beckett ... - this is not a theory , senator . This will happen . You will see us save someone 's life with this technology . And you will know that we did it and not your god . - That did not help us . - These people don 't care about science , Paul . - We 're trying to lay the groundwork here to gain some credibility . You can 't go off book like that . - Since when did credibility involve arguing with the right ? That 's the conversation you shouldn 't be having . It validates their opinions . - Dr. Beckett , you need to come downstairs immediately . - Why ? - Her patterns spike when we speak directly to her . Watch . She knows that I 'm speaking specifically to her . Amelia . Ellen . Paul . Max . Amelia . Okay , let me try something . Hundreds of years of research and discovery and the fix might be as simple as a light bulb . - What are you talking about ? - Voltage . - Activity increase . Consciousness to level six . Beginning voltage increase in 10 , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . Subject is online . - Amelia , can you hear me ? Do you know where you are ? Do you know who you are ? Can you tell me your name ? - I 'm Amelia Summerland . - I know , I know , I know , I know . - Wait , wait . Quiet , quiet everybody . - Oh shit . Heart stop . Heart stop ! Stop it . - Get a hold of her . - You 're safe . You 're safe , Amelia . You 're safe . You 're safe . - We 've lost everything . - We need to tell her . - She won 't be able to handle it . - It couldn 't possibly be worse than the episode we just had . Blunt her emotions . It 'll keep her calm . - So , um , what that means , Amelia , is that you will never age . You 'll never get sick . You 'll never die . You 're still you , Amelia , but ... You 're different now . - Tell me what you 're thinking , Amelia . - Who are all of you ? - Wesley enterprises experienced a record low last quarter but remain optimistic . Insiders suggest something big ... - I want to announce it . - She 's not ready . - She 's talking , for the love of god . - She struggles with motor control . She can 't walk without assistance . - Her nervous system is a disaster . The interface , it overclocks . The computer can 't keep up . She 's had several catastrophic failures . - When the computer resets , we have to completely rebuild . - We 're six days from an update with the board . We have to make something up . How long does it take to rebuild ? - Weeks . I mean , it 's not a simple - 23 hours to be precise . - Process . - Here 's what we 're gonna do . We 're gonna put her back on line . I 'm letting Carter meet her . - It 's too soon . - We have to have something to show these people . Imagine how they 're gonna react when they see Carter reunited with his dead wife . - The emotional stimuli might cause another failure . - We have to do something . - What about Carter ? I 'm worried what that might do to him . - I 'm worried about keeping this project funded . - Carter . - Amelia . You have a visitor . - Hello . - We 'll be right outside . - Do you know what they did with my ring ? - Your ring ? - It 's been missing since I woke up . - They wouldn 't let me see you . - Why not ? - They said there 's things they don 't want us to talk about yet . They said it 's the only way that you 'll get better . - Am I sick ? - Not anymore . - Then why do I need to get better ? - Millie . - There 's something in my ear . I can feel it there . - I 'll talk to the doctors . - My ring . Can I have it back now , please ? - Of course . I never stopped believing . - I don 't understand . Who are you ? I can feel my hand stall now . - Really ? What ? Somebody get in here ! - Get back . Move ! - Tell me what 's happening . - Get her legs . - Don 't worry , Carter , this has happened before . - Get her to the chair . - One , two , up . - Tell me what 's happening ! - Mr. Summerland , you need to leave . Mr. Summerland , you need to leave now . - What are you doing to my wife ? What are you doing to my wife ? - Get control of her , Max . - I 'm workin ' on it ! Don 't look . We noticed when Ellen would play Mozart over the intercom your brain activity would spike . So , we figured this might help you redevelop some of those broken connections . And this little present . This is a textbook example of art meeting science . When Dr. Beckett developed microbes that specifically target cells to help them grow , this was the first clinical subject . This plant hasn 't aged in over a decade . - So it 's ... Real ? - Absolutely . But just , you know , not all of it . I guess it 's like you . - Like me . - You are Amelia . - I don 't remember if I played . - Oh , don 't worry . It 's easy , here . We 're just gonna do the basics . I 'll show you . Come look . This is c . Go ahead , play it . What are you feeling ? - Nothing . - Okay . I 'm gonna try something different . You 're gonna feel something completely different , but it 's a good feeling , so don 't worry , okay ? - Emotions processing unit reacting . - Okay , play it again . - That ... Is beautiful . - Okay , play it again . But take it easy , okay ? Your mind 's trying to catch up . That 's music . - It wasn 't my decision to introduce her to you yet . She wasn 't ready . We found the problem and fixed it . - Why isn 't she moving ? - She 's in standby mode . Unaware of anything around her until we give her the verbal command to wake up again . It 's like sleeping . - No . - Carter . - You have her on a remote control ? - It 's not like that . - This isn 't right . She was at peace . - Carter , please , please . I understand . I really do . It looks very strange seeing her like this . - Where is your daughter now , Ellen ? - I beg your pardon ? - Where is her body ? - Carter . - Where is she . - In the ground . - Where is Amelia ? Find a different test subject . - You know we can 't do that . - Wesley enterprises , the tech giant positioned in cedar rapids , Iowa ... - shocked the world today when founder Paul Wesley announced what he says is the first successful copy of a human brain . - This will give new hope to Alzheimer 's patients , to parapalegics , to those suffering from terminal illness . Our Amelia is the future . - Wesley released no images of Amelia , but promised to unveil her publicly three months from now . - Wesley 's announcement sent shock waves through both the medical and religious communities . - Protestors rallied outside the capital calling for strict legislation ... - that clearly defined the definition of human and machine . Proponents of the new technology suggest current definitions are vague and open to interpretation . - My colleagues , it would be foolish to suggest that the world would be better off without technology . Without our advanced care for the sick and elderly . But these technologies work in Harmony with the human spirit , not against it . These are gifts from god and if we attempt to escape from these gifts , to reach higher than we were intended to reach , we will have become arrogant and foolhardy . - Hi , Carter , this is senator Williams office . We received your message . We 'd like to speak with you as soon as possible . - More of her memories are turning but four weeks to play twinkle twinkle ? - I am sorry , Max . - Oh no , no , no , it 's not your fault . Don 't apologize . The important thing is that you 're making progress . - And that is good ? - It 's very good , Amelia , considering most of what you remember was left in fragments . We have the data here showing you 're making huge strides . Yesterday you told us a story , the one in the park . Do you remember ? - Yes . I 'm by a lake . I jump in . This other man does , too , but I can 't remember his face . Some kids nearby are laughing at us . My face is underwater . I can feel summer . Now we 're sitting under a tree . I 'm reading a poem to the man , something I wrote , I think . I can 't remember his face . We 're walking through a garden . There 's a dance by . I don 't understand why . There 's a feeling of happiness . A girl walks in , she ... - I want you to keep thinking about that , Amelia , that exact moment . - Everything is blurring together , Dr. Beckett . Where is the ring ? The screeching ... Sound . - Warning . All systems offline . - Well , it 's very strange . - It 's too unpredictable . There 's nothing about what she remembers that makes any sense . - She needs information . - She doesn 't know what to do with the information she has now . Just keep her playing scales . Understood ? - Understood . - Build . - Good morning . That 's one of the few advantages being a computer has over humans . The dreams , they 're more vivid , right ? Yeah , your mind is more free to create than an organic one . In fact , if I hadn 't fixed a small glitch , your brain wouldn 't be able to distinguish dreams from reality . Incredible , right ? Look at this , look . See that ? Every time I look at these scans , I see growth . Very important . Look at all this growth , all these new connections . It 's amazing , actually . Looking at the mathematical equivalent of your mind . - You can see my thoughts ? - It 's like looking at , like a jpeg in binary . Yeah . Do you know , when I was working on my thesis years ago , I spent two years with a neurosurgeon . He likened the brain to more of a plant than a computer . He said the task of making a mind had nothing to do with making it smart . You had to make something that was capable of growing on its own . Like , even something so simple as a tree or our flower . It 's infinitely more ... Hello ? Hey ? You 're not paying attention . Sorry . - Max , can you tell me something ? - Sure . - Am I still able to be a wife ? - Yeah , of course . I designed your body to be 100 % functional for sexual activity . - You did ? - Yeah . Yeah . Yes . I used to head up a love robot project . Can you believe that ? I couldn 't help but pour a few things over . There 's some things you 're gonna have to do to , um ... Prep the system , kind of . Ah , can we talk about something else ? - I guess having children is out of the question ? - Yeah . - How long were you married when it happened ? - Three months . - Hm , well , any time is too soon , but that is unfortunate . - She had an aneurysm . It broke the connection to her spinal cord but not enough to damage the brain . I thought they could just repair her . - That 's what they promised you ? - Not the way I thought . - Hm . Well , Sam . Well , you 're right to be angry , Mr. Summerland , but for the wrong reasons . I want you to meet my chief policy officer and advisor . Sam . Sam Patterson is an old friend and he and I have followed Wesley 's developments for quite some time . - Hi , Carter . The senator sent me your message . I 'm sorry to hear what 's happened here . - This is why we have been on this from the start . - Carter , did they ask you a lot of questions about Amelia ? - Of course . - Did they ask you for photographs of you together , private journals ? - Photos , yes . - Journals , home movies ? - Yeah , whatever I could get my hands on . They said it would help return her memories . Is this a deposition ? - Are you familiar with spiritual mediums ? - Excuse me ? - They use techniques to fool people . They say general things like , " I see a person dying " from the chest , " ooh . Well , most deaths do occur , statistically , from the heart , so it 's not a bad guess . But not to the person who just lost a father to a heart attack . It 's emotional manipulation . - Carter , what they 've built ? It 's not your wife . It 's an imitation . You believe it because , well , you wanna believe it . They 're counting on people to react that way in order to sell what they wanna sell . - Immortality . - People will pay ungodly amounts of money to have a chance to fly in space . You think they won 't pay at least a million for this ? Carter , most live their lives day to day , like you I imagine , until something happens . You 're dancing through a big beautiful field and then suddenly a snake jumps out and bites and the reality of our fragile lives is suddenly exposed . We run to the one thing that we understand to be true . - Well , I don 't know what 's true here , but I know what 's not . - For now , you can fix this if you help us . - If congress passes the humanity act it will become illegal to copy or sell any element of the human brain for monetary gain ? - Correct . - I think the most obvious critique of your viewpoint is that it forbids others from making a choice . - It 's a false choice . It 's something that takes advantage of people . Mr. Summerland can speak to that . - Mr. Summerland ? - What she is now , it 's not her . They took my wife . - Carter , you said that they took your wife . I assume you signed consent papers , did you not ? - She was dying . I didn 't know what to do . - I think that most people would question why you signed in the first place . - Well then , you have no idea what it feels like . - We need to change the spin on this . I got a call from Adah Allen 's producers this morning . They want a one-on-one interview with Amelia . - No way , absolutely not . Of course you 're okay with this . - We need to get ahead of William somehow , otherwise ... - we are not having this conversation again , Paul . In 12 years you have not ever once rushed one of my projects , ever . - Which is why you need to humor me . For 12 years I funded this humanitarian work . - Don 't make this about the goddamn money , Paul . - I 've given you a full staff with technicians for four years , not to mention the cost with prototypes and materials and security and mark ... - the work we are doing takes time and you need to respect that . - We don 't have the luxury of time . - Paul we are making progress , but you ... - no , Ellen ! - Do not destroy this . - Just get Amelia ready . - Got big news today . It has been exactly six months this week since I stopped energy drinks . And I 've been taking lunch to work . - I had ... Another dream . - Okay , why don 't you tell me about it . - I remember Carter . I remember everything . It 's all come back . Everything . - Okay , wow . Wow ! Okay . - I need to leave this place . I need to find my husband . - Okay , shh , shh , shh . Okay . - Hello ? - Carter ? - Yes ? - Where are you ? - Um ... - Carter , why haven 't you been to see me ? I miss you . I love you . - Beginning security lockdown . - You are not allowed to do that . - What do you mean I 'm not allowed to do that ? Just like I 'm not allowed to contact Carter ? God , what is wrong with you people ? You can 't just keep me here . - She doesn 't log in again for any reason , do you understand ? - I 'm sorry , but how much longer can we keep her here ? - You know what would happen if she got out there . She doesn 't have rights . Will you stop that , please ? Goodnight . - Goodnight . - I don 't have rights ? - Amelia , you scared me . Can you appreciate the magnitude of everything that 's going on here ? - Now , you 're saying that electrical impulses in the brain ... - oh , god . I hate television . I have to boil down everything , all of the work , research , nuances , discoveries , everything into something so completely basic . It 's stupid . But you know what ? It worked . - How ? - Every day we learn new ways to conquer the limits of the human body , and yet there are still so many barriers to cross . - Goddamn it , Paul . How do you feel about going on national television ? Convincing the world of what you are is the first step toward your independence . - Okay . - We 're very excited to introduce you , you know ? And , like magic , there she is . Adah Allen , I want you to meet Amelia Summerland . - Hello , Adah Allen . - Paul , what is going on ? You know what , maybe we should not do this today . - I 'm totally messing with you . - Totally messing with you . - Hi , I 'm Amelia . It 's so nice to meet you . Decontamination complete . - Welcome to my home . - Your home ? - Well , yeah , for the time being . - We have every intention of returning Amelia to her life once testing is finished . I think if you interview Max and Ellen with Amelia alongside and then do some demonstration ... - yeah , that 'll be a part of it , but I want to talk to Amelia directly about her life now and about Carter . - No . I told you we can 't do that , not with a pending lawsuit . - The viewers wanna know . We need to show the full Amelia . - The story is about Amelia , not the legal case . - Exactly , the story 's supposed to be about Amelia . Her own husband doesn 't wanna talk to her , congress is debating whether to shut this program down . Come on , how do you expect me not to talk about that ? - That topic is off limits . - There 's no point in us being here if we don 't get this . - No , you 're trying to paint some conspiracy here , - okay , Paul you 're wasting our time , - and I 'm not gonna let you . - And painting a fake picture of your corporation is the least of my concerns . And above all ... - quiet ! You 've actually talked to Carter ? - We thought that was information best kept for later . - This is why you blocked my network access ? - Okay , enough . She 's not doing this . You 're concerned about some soon to be forgotten lawsuit and we have the most advanced scientific feat right here in front of us . - We 're concerned about whatever Amelia is concerned about . That 's what the people want to see . - I want to talk to Carter . - Amelia , do this interview and you can tell Carter whatever you want . Well , I guess it 's in your hands , Mr. Wesley . - Get out of my way . - Roll open . Stand by to dissolve to one after the open . - Challenge , inspire , inform , and heal . It 's Adah Allen live . - Amelia , thank you for agreeing to do this interview . - Thanks for comin ' here . - Thank you . - I am nervous . - Really ? How so ? - Cameras . People watching , kind of , um , feeling the pressure , you know ? - What I actually mean is , some people may be asking how it 's possible for you to even feel nervousness considering what you are . How did you feel when you realized that you were no longer human ? - Kind of a loaded question , don 't you think ? - Why ? - ' Cause it assumes that I believe I 'm not human . - Yeah , but you are not flesh and blood . - No , I 'm not . But human means different things to different people . - I would agree , actually . I would . So , then I 'm gonna rephrase that . How did it feel when you realized that your old body was gone ? - Conflicted . It was ... Shocking to not have a heartbeat . I didn 't really like myself at first . But then I remembered that I spent two years in a hospital bed watching the world go by . It 's like I was dead already . So , to have a new body ... And to be able to speak again . It 's just this huge gift . - I 'm sure it is . But I think you would agree that there are going to be people out there that are going to have a challenging time in accepting you for who and what you are . Some are calling you a sin against god . And that 's a direct quote from republican senator Thaddeus Williams . - Really ? - Yes . - Guess I 'm not votin for him next fall . - You have a wicked sense of humor . - I do . - I would say that a great sense of humor definitely makes us human , and certainly makes you human in my opinion . But I 'm gonna change it up a little and ask you about your husband , Carter . - My husband 's been through a lot . - Well yeah , but to be fair , you 've both been through a lot . - Goodnight . - And the last time he saw you you had quite a catastrophic meltdown . - I don 't remember any of that . - From what I was told , the reason you don 't remember is because the physical components that house your memory , they literally melted . And so , I think this is where people are gonna struggle with the idea of you . As human as you are and as humorous as you are , but on those physical levels , see you as only a robot and that you are not the real person that you quite represent . - Yeah . - What do you say to people like that ? - I 'm not an expert on spirituality , Adah . Or medicine . I taught fifth grade . Then one day everything just stopped . But one thing got me through . My husband never gave up on me and every day I knew he would be there , holding my hand , playing me music . - Reminding you of who you were ? But still , your husband , as dedicated and devoted as he is , is also going through his own emotional and moral struggles with what you are . And consequently , who you are . And I know that 's gotta be heartbreaking . So , if Carter were here , looking at you , and you can look back into his eyes , what would you tell him ? - Carter , Carter it 's me . It 's me . - Amelia , are you up to sharing with us what you 've learned ? - Now ? - Please . - I read your offer . I don 't think I understand . They dropped the restraining order , so you can see her , and if Amelia convinces you that it is she , you drop the suit ? - Carter , in the three days since that interview , complaints are flooding our offices . The humanity act may not even leave the senate . Things are very precarious right now . And you drop this bomb ? - I understand your objections . - Do you understand this , Mr. Summerland ? I have cancer . I may not last out my term . - I didn 't know . - Of course you didn 't . There was no way you could 've known . I haven 't even told my family yet . If I did , my family would want me to consider the Wesley procedure , so don 't just stand there and think it 's all about you . If you don 't help me put a stop to this , Wesley enterprise will continue to commit this sin . Again and again ! - Senator , I 'm aware of all that you 've done and I really can 't thank you enough ... - yes , you can , by being true to your word . - I made a promise to Amelia . - A promise to Amelia ? She is not real . Look , I can not stand here as a man of god ... - to hell with god . - All right . This how you wanna proceed ? I can not support you , I 'm sorry . - This isn 't political , Carter . It never is . - You people are ones to talk . - Listen ... You 're here because you know instinctively that you need to defend something valuable and precious . But you don 't know what that thing is , Carter . - I know exactly what it is , Sam . Amelia Summerland . - That 's the face that it takes for you . For me it 's my son . I see god every time I look at him . Other people , it 's something else , but it 's the same inside . You need to ask yourself this , how can you truly help Amelia Summerland ? And others ? - Senator ? Come with me . - Excuse me ? - If we go there together and I prove to everyone she 's a fake , wouldn 't that reverse what 's happening right now ? - I don 't even know anymore . - Well , if that 's the case then it doesn 't even matter . - Listen , you 're upset . You 're not coping well . It doesn 't matter what the truth is . You 're gonna believe it no matter what . - Well , I could say the same thing about a lot of what you preach . - How are you feeling , Amelia ? - If you could see your daughter again , someone like me , what would you say ? - I don 't know . - Carter , good to see you again . Senator , I 'm sure you remember the terms as well as I do . - I hope you remember all the terms . He gets as long as he wants in there with her . No television crews during , no technicians , just the two of them . - Of course . - You look different . Where have you been ? - I , uh ... - It 's okay . I had this entire page written of what I was gonna say to you . - You kiss like she did . - Carter . - They were so thorough . Your breathing , even that little scar on your lip . I don 't know what you are , but you aren 't Amelia . - I am Amelia . - No , no , Amelia , my wife ? Had a soul . - I have a soul . You know I do . Part of you still believes . Do you remember the day at the lake ? When you asked me to marry you ? As if it was some ordinary question . I thought that maybe you just didn 't want to be romantic , but then I realized you were just actually really , really nervous . - I bet that all was in your journal , wasn 't it ? - I don 't know . - I bet Dr. Beckett knows . I bet she could find the exact page . - All those things you said in the hospital . Our song . - Our song that Dr. Beckett knew full well about . - I played that song for you ! - Amelia couldn 't play the piano ! - You know what , I can 't take this . I 'm stopping this . - No , no , no interference . - This is bullshit . - That was our agreement . - Hey . Hey , look at me . Look at me , look at me . I 'm different now . Why did you let them do this ? - I 'm sorry . - Just tell me what you need . - I know you 're not her . - I am . - But when I look at you , it 's almost the same . If I did it long enough , I bet I could make you her . - I love you . I love you . - I miss you so much . - Can 't that be enough ? - Oh , I wish it could be . I love you , Millie . - What happened to Amelia and Carter was a tragedy . - Is this gonna hinder further research ? - Well , I can 't speak for Paul Wesley and the company for legal reasons , but I fully intend on continuing the work that , as I 've stated before , will save millions of lives . Is online . - Shh , shh , shh , shh . - Max . - Amelia . - What happened ? Where 's Carter ? - Okay , calm down . I 'm gonna fix everything , but I need you to calm down . - These , these aren 't my hands . - Amelia , a lot has happened . Listen , calm down . - What are you talking about . - Okay , um ... Do you remember when Dr. Beckett said that she 'd let you go if you did the TV interview ? - Um , everything , it 's so foggy . - It 's foggy because I had trouble porting you over . Listen , you did the TV interview and then ... Carter , um ... He didn 't show up . And then Dr. Beckett changed her mind . She said that she wasn 't gonna let you go . She changed her mind . - She did ? - But I 'm gonna let you go . I transferred you into a new body . In this body you 'll be free . You can survive on your own . I don 't know what 's gonna happen to this company , but ... All that matters to me is you . You can come with me . You 're unlike anything I 've ever made before . Okay , I 'm , uh ... I gotta wipe some records , okay ? I 'm gonna wipe them and I 'll bring clothes . - There were redundancies . Everything about Amelia can be reproduced and fixed . Her mind essentially remains intact inside the mainframe , right up until the moment before the accident . So , we 'll just pick up right where we left off . I 've never given up hope for this project , never . - Henry Ford once said , " if I had asked people " what they wanted , they would 've said faster horses . " What Amelia taught us is profound . - Accessing visual records . - The product isn 't immortality as we once thought . What people want is a higher quality of life , not necessarily a longer one . People love the idea of Amelia and that 's when it happened . The idea . A whole new line of personal companions . We can use Amelia 's brain to create a custom designed version of her . It would look , sound , feel like her , have her personality . But the customer can program her memory . They can literally make Amelia theirs . - What do you have to say to proponents of Thaddeus Williams ? - It 's okay to be scared , right ? - I would simply offer my condolences . - What did you see ? - Everything . - I 'm sorry . I didn 't want anything to do with it . Please come with me , please , please . We can run away you and I. We could have the life you never had . We could adopt . - Could you please just give me a minute to change ? - Sure , just hurry up , okay ? We don 't have a lot of time . - Dr. Beckett , what are you feelings of Wesley 's new announcement ? - I 'm sorry ? - A press report this morning announced a production line of customized Amelias . What are your thoughts ? - Amelia Summerland , humanity 's first and quite possibly last , embodiment of such an awes inspiring question . What is consciousness ? - Erasing back-up files and redundancies . - And does the ideal of consciousness evade death and all its uncertainties ? Does the power to live devalue what it means to live ? And just because we can , does it mean we should ? - These fragile moments slip us by , one day at a time , memories may dry . But hold my hand and let 's sleep tight , with open arms embracing with all our might . When the wind takes us past we no longer have such time to pass . - 1,000 . - We all will falter , we all will fall . But nothing is ever lost after all .
