 Constance ? Constance do you read me ? Constance are you reading me ? Constance . Your location . Constance this is ... Can you read me ? Constance ? I 'm locked in to your location . Constance . Constance . Read me . Constance . Don 't move . I 'm locked on to your location . I 'm reading you . Vital signs are ... target ... bravo ... target ... Constance ... I think your suit may have ... Activated your life-saving module pre-maturely . Argh . Okay . I got you . Where are the others ? They 're about ... Southeast of this position . We must stay above this planet 's sea level . All the plates beneath us ... Are shifting . Hey . You okay ? Have you heard from Zan ? Got caught in the storm . She may be further north than we anticipated . She 's off course . And we don 't know ... About the terrain of demo . We 're running out of time . I say we ... Stay along the coast ... Head towards the mountains . Oxygen warning . Oxygen levels are at dangerous parameters . The air pressure is dropping rapidly . You picking that up ? If we remain out here ... Our suits will be compromised . I think we should head back . Hit this place in the morning . The spire ... Created life . Everything in the known universe . No . Our mission is to stay alive long enough then to recover the spire . Everything we lost ... Due to terminus . Our oceans , our natural resources , can all be made new again . Our cerebral links seem to be functioning now . Reed . Why did you phase ? We were pinned down . Like I said ... We were pinned down . You know what she 's like . She couldn 't cut it with what 's happening here . You wanna keep arguing about what happened on earth ? Or should we concentrate on what 's happening now ? I 've never seen formations like this . I don 't like the look of that . The atmosphere is changing from nitrogen to oxygen . It 's adapting . How is that possible ? Adapting to what ? To us . This is no storm . This planet is on the defensive . It 's sinking into itself . We have to move . Now . Reed ! Reed ! Wait ! It is my hope that we can truly get on one accord with this mission , or we are destined to fail before it begins . Demo , a subgalatic anomaly , a paradox in motion , if you will . The order has known of its existence for quite some time . The order took me from my home , stripped me of my childhood . Are these the memories that you are recalling ? Terminus ... A catastrophic autoimmune virus that latches onto its hosts . When the order discovered that a select few were immune to terminus ' effects , we began cultivating a unique system of raising them free from society . One showed the ability to not only resist terminus ' effects , but to manipulate the very dark matter flowing through her veins . It is of our belief that mankind 's survival hinges upon your very essence to resist terminus . Yes , I have a personal stake in this mission . How long ? The spire ... Do you remember anything ? It goes without saying that not only do you hold the fate of my life in your hands , but the survival of all mankind is at stake . Even that of your fellow eternals . Eternals ? The order 's name for those who survive the training . The immune . I think I do remember . What ? What is it ? Death . Searing bones rapturing . Screams , echoing throughout . Silence . No lives . Bones on top of bones , drenched in their own blood . The spire has data predating the creation of earth , and to obtain it would lead us to a cure for terminus . Demo is comprised of pure dark matter , and seeing that you and the eternals are the only ones able to get in its contents I feel you have been misled . Let 's believe that this mission is a matter of options . But let me reassure you that the moment you are no longer a valuable part of this mission , there will be no hesitation from the order to subject you to pain so far beyond the reaches of your comprehension that you will be begging for cryosleep . Do we understand each other ? I 'd get that looked at . Leave me . Zan Desai . Zan Desai of the eternals . Zan Desai ... Your pain receptors are peaking at the 40 % terminally injured . Zan Desai , would you like pain reducing stimulus administered ? I need you to stop using my full name . If you wish . And the others ? The others ? What 's the status of the last known coordinates ? Last known reading of dark matter is 20 miles due north of your current position . The four eternals are still alive . Your mission to find this planet 's spire is still active . Four ? Seagon , Tilly , Constance , and Reed are all that remain . Kiva , phase me to the nearest eternal . Your cerebral connections have been severed . Phasing is no longer an option you possess on this side . It 's just me then . Good . Zan . Without phasing with an eternal on earth , you can no longer return home . I 'm gonna kill him . I 'm gonna kill ... Tilly , hey . Did he phase ? Asshole . - You okay ? - Yeah . No , it 's Ok . Hey , look at me . Hey . Tilly . You 're safe . Calm down , tell me what happened . We were above ground going through sector 7 , approaching a large hoard of the infected . Okay , all right , and then what happened ? Well , then ... Then Reed suggested we go toward the spire 's location . The spire ? Did you find the spire ? I don 't know . I ... You don 't know if you found the spire ? I don 't know . Shit , Tilly . Alright , so you were looking for the spire and then what next ? We didn 't expect for there to be so many of the infected from down below . The air pressure 's way too dense . Yeah . Okay . That-that can only mean one thing . They 're evolving . Okay , Tilly , I 'm gonna ask you a question , and it 's very important that you understand the meaning of this . Alright , listen , if you have the map alright , then we ... it should tell us something . What is our next move ? Have we made contact with Zan on demo ? No . We 've not made communication with Zan . Or the Alpha team . Because we fear they may be disbanded . So what does that mean for us ? Before the order went dark they spoke of a spire . I suggest that we find it and we prepare . And we need to prepare . - Prepare ? - Yes . How do you expect us to prepare for something like that ? I expect us to prepare the way you were trained . You understand that they sent a species to demo to terraform it , and it 's just biting the hand that feeds it . The most important thing right now is for you to let us know what our next move is . We only have a limited amount of time . And while you 're standing here focused on what 's going on on demo , earth is dying . Now do you remember anything ? According to the map there 's a telepanel up ahead . Okay . I can take the lead , there might be more of the infected here . Your judgment right now is not sound . You have forgotten your training . You 're emotional , you are connected . And your way of thinking is gonna get us either caught , captured , or killed . And make no mistake about it , Tilly , if you jeopardize this mission to find the spire , to do what the order put us here to do , I will kill you myself . Of course . Push forward . Now . What is the meaning of this ? The meaning of everything , explained by the fragment of a live comet . Fascinating . I have full autonomy over the eternal initiative . This is a mistake . Billions , and billions of years of data transported from millennium to millennium by nature 's own fiery vessel . To think of all the philosophers , scientists , and zealots on this planet and not one of them thought to ask the quintessential question . Not " are we alone ? " It is : " How would we communicate with beings from lightyears away ? " To create gods out of ideals based on our own basic understanding of the time continuum , to now know that god is not an " it " , but a " now " . Evolution is a funny thing , viceroy . The discovery of dark matter wedged between the crevices of a comet , the essence of all living things . The order believed many moons ago that the spire was responsible for creating life on our planet . A device of unknown origins , capable of generating enough dark matter to completely remap the cosmos as we knew it . But this theory was untested and the first true sign came in the form of a little girl . Now we don 't know why the spire on earth was responsive to her . But it allowed her to see a map to a planet that had long been forgotten . Demo . With our elementary understanding of life and its creation , the order sent a docile creature to demo , long before the spire spoke to Zan . The idea was that if a simple creature would survive the worst of an unknown planet , then surely mankind would be given a greater chance . The order 's first dealing with mankind 's survival , a second home . But evolution is a funny thing , viceroy . With time , I believe that the eternals will be able to lead us to the spire on demo , and to activate it in conjunction with the spire on earth and help us to eliminate terminus . And seeing as how they are immune to the virus ' effects , they will work on the teams . Phasing from unit to unit and running the necessary calculations to run both alien devices . Viceroy , the order grow weary of the expediency or lack thereof , of your results . We will have what lies in her mind . We will have the secrets that are buried deep within her . Zan has begun remembering . And if we push any further than we already have , we could lose out on the ability of activating the spire on demo . And if we wait longer the spire on earth will no longer be a viable option for survival . Earth will no longer be worth saving . So you send them to die ? So be it . When I was a little girl , my mother told me about the ... the time when the lands were as green as emeralds , and the oceans ... Were as blue as the sky . She was a great woman . You remind me of her . The readings of dark matter are off the charts . You 're wasting your time . You can 't phase with this much radial interference . Think she found the spire ? It 's not gonna matter ! We 're not got lives long enough to find her on earth . Or what 's left of it . 2,000 years of research , articles , and theories , and this may very well be more important than any of it . And she 's the key , Reed . We 're the last of the eternals . Everything , mission , this planet , everything based on her one moment with an alien machine . And now we can 't phase . We can 't sync with her . She could be dead for all we know . We 're not far behind . So until you can assure me that we 're not just aimlessly wandering a planet that 's trying to kill us at every turn , I 'm gonna be relying on my own instincts from here on out . This is our final mission . Zan will find the spire , and turn it on . She will ignite the one on earth . All we have to do is follow the plan . Until then , we phase only when a member of delta team needs us , and not before . Come on . Sector 5 . It 's where they found me . People destroying , ravishing each other in an uncontrollable rage . The virus released completely undetected . Re-populating in an instant . Thousands of lives lost . Sector 5 . That was the first infected city . Yeah . So forgive me if I 'm a little less than optimistic about our chances . Look around you . Everything 's changed . We 've changed . We are the only ones capable of completing the mission . We are the only ones left . What do your readings tell us about the atmosphere ? The conditions here ... Would fit perfectly within our biometrics . The density in the air molecules is being manipulated and is constantly evolving . Our counter measures should keep us safe . But , all in all ... This place was meant to sustain life for thousands of years . If it 's adapting to us now , how was it adapted to before ? Why was everyone in such a rush to leave ? We have to keep going to find a signal . Tilly or Seagon might be trying to communicate with us . That can 't be right . Careful ! That specimen contains enough of the terminus virus to infect everyone aboard this ship . Should 've left you people where we found you . You 've almost jeopardized this entire operation , Constance . If we don 't approve phase 3 , how can we fully understand our next steps ? I will tell you what our next steps are , and that starts with you understanding that I am the chief medical engineer . It really plays to have your recommendation at the board to observe . It is not attacking the immune system of the host . Why would a virus want to preserve the cells of a host ? You saw it yourself . We don 't know what we saw . But if you 're as bright as they say you are , you 'll say the same when you 're brought before the council . Think about it . Keeping the hosts alive ? Terminus ' behavioral patterns are - are anything but consistent with with what we know those of a virus to be . And the readings of the specimen . What are you suggesting ? Human trials . We start with someone no one would think to look for . Low level . Phase 3 . We have to see the effects of terminus from beginning to end . No . No . But this ... the sample , there 's no other way . No , I said no ! Now go . File the report . Consider this your reassignment . I will alert the viceroy . You will no longer to be a part of my service . E effective immediately . I think it 's best that we not speak of what 's transpired here . For both our sakes . What ? What are you doing ? Let me out ! What ? ! What are you ... What are you doing ? ! Let me out ! What are you doing ? Constance ? Oh ... My god . What are you - what are you doing ? Let me out . Constance . Afraid I can 't do that . Constance , let me out . You 're infected now . Subjects maintain no cognitive response . Terminus has evolved . Life probability : Ten percent . I recommend ... Phase 4 . This is strange . The atmosphere is different . All the elements needed for incubation is present . Detecting large quantities of dark matter nearby . Now is a good time to remind you that your suit capacity is at 5 % . Is there power ? No . Actuals are unresponsive . How is that possible ? There isn 't any power to the hardline . And without it , without it we won 't be able to get a signal . We have to get above ground . I 'll go . You stay here in case something changes . Have you ever seen anything like this before ? That doesn 't make any sense . Well , if you were afraid of storms changing over , or the surface loss of life-sustaining elements where would you go ? If you were life on this planet ? To live ? To survive . Ah ! Only one of us has to live . Zan , artificial a.I. I am rerouting my energy source into your suit 's modular good luck , Zan Desai . Of the eternals . This is where you are made . This is where you begin . Zan . My big girl . Are you ... are you sick ? I want you to do something for me . When I was a little girl , my mother told me about the ... the time when the lands were as green as emeralds , and the oceans ... Were as blue as the sky . Before the terminus tumbled the last man city , my mother gave up her ration so she can always have a piece of this ring . And always have a home for me . And now ... I want you to keep it safe . And hold on to it for me . Can you do that ? Yes . Yes . I will . I want you to take care of yourself . I am always with you , wherever you are . But , mommy . Please don 't go . A land ... As green as emeralds . The ocean ... As blue as the sky . A land ... As green as emeralds . The ocean ... As blue as the sky . It 's time .
