 Tonight is the night which determines our future Mom will take you to Macau for a few days Then we 'll go back to Indonesia That awful man can 't hurt us anymore Hello , Mrs. Wang Mr. Chen You 're back so late ! Also there might be a typhoon ls Mr. Wang back yet ? I haven 't noticed Hold on , Mrs. Wang Miss Li came by ... and she left you a note Please give her a call Thanks No problem Hello Sally ? Yes , Jenny You 've gone back again ? You won 't be able to leave if he finds out I know , I 've bought the tickets I came back for the money Be careful That bum is capable of anything Careful I will , thanks Xiaoling , if dad 's home ... then head straight to bed , got it ? We won 't be able to leave if he finds out Grab your things We 'll leave right away You ... Heading to Macau ? No. 3 typhoon signal ; it 's dangerous ! Trying to run ? I ... Bitch Rongsheng , you ... Where can you go ? Little bastard Xiaoling Xiaoling What do you want ? How 'd you want it ... Shut up , have you forgotten that ... your husband kicked you two out ? You tricked me Bullshit I pitied you , I brought you to Hong Kong Now you 're trying to leave me ? You 're heartless Wang Rongsheng , knowing you is a big mistake You lied to me , stole my money Took away everything my husband gave me I 've lost everything to you You stole my jewelry And now you ... I can sleep with you , I 'm entitled to your money You 're shameless Don 't insult me , the money is for my business What kind of business ? You spent my money on girls and gambling Who said so ? There 's no need to lie Sally and the others have told me No wonder you won 't give me the HK $ 100,000 They told you not to Let me tell you You won 't gain by listening to them I think I 've suffered enough with you You spent my money , fine But you shouldn 't hit my child Look Look What kind of a person are you ? Damn it Xiaoling Xiaoling ... don 't hurt my child Please don 't hurt her Why are you doing this ? You know the hardship I 've been through I gave birth to a mute daughter Got kicked out by my husband 's family I 've been nice to you since we met I thought I 've met a reliable guy Please let us go Fine , I will I need one more favor I have nothing left except ... HK $ 12,000 cash Take it Still HK $ 90,000 short HK $ 90,000 ? Something went wrong with my shipment I need HK $ 100,000 to take care of things I have no money left Let 's go to your husband in Indonesia . He is rich No , I 'll never go back to him Why not ? There 's no use to beg him You won 't go back ? Fine You can use your body to make money What do you mean ? Come in , come on What now ? Come here What are you doing ? Let me take a look Come on Stop it Come on With your figure , you can make easy money Let me tell you I 've got connections , we 'll work as partners I can find you the business , so ? Come on Take it off , let me see what you 've got Take it off Wang Rongsheng Look at you You 're not human Damn , you 're no virgin Mary lf l can have you , other men can have a go lt 's no big deal No Xiaoling Don 't leave Come back , don 't be afraid Lingling , what are you doing up ? Lingling , I don 't know how to read sign language Write it down ... Daddy wants to ... Xiaoling Xiaoling , what are you doing here ? What is going on ? She 's just a little kid Just teach her step by step She broke the glass and hurt her hand She 's afraid that her mom will punish her I came here to take her upstairs Come on , put some disinfectant on Go upstairs Xiaoling , your daddy loves you very much Go , be a good girl Listen to me , you 've always been a good girl Be good I 'll buy you some candies tomorrow Good girl Thanks No problem You bit me , I 'll let you die with an open mouth Jenny ? Jenny ? Mary ... What 's going on ? That 's terrible I saw a ghost I saw Jenny , with blood coming from her mouth Don 't scare me Yes Must be a nightmare lt 's true What are you doing here so late ? We need to do something What ? We 're here looking for sister Jenny Sister Jenny Where 's Jenny ? I thought she 's with you No With us ? Could she be in Macau ? Right I thought you told her to leave me and go to Macau Mary ... what 's that got to do with us ? Let 's go Wait , I need to go to the toilet What for ? To pee What now ? Mary ... hurry What 's with you ? Mary , he 's listening as you pee Coming ... Having fun ? You 're sick , let 's go The yellow one Coming ... What do you do ? Which part you want us to take down ? Follow me Go with her The previous tenants are strange They sealed up the space underneath the stove There 's no place for the gas Take it down Sure Move over ... Move over ... Don 't rush Sir , I heard the torsos were buried underneath the stove lt stinks The murderer will be caught Let me lt stinks Look at the victim , her clenched fist The culprit will be caught for sure I 'm sure I 've seen almost everything during my 30 years on the job , during modern times like now But there 's something you have to believe in After the preliminary investigation The murderer could have fled to Indonesia Indonesia ? It 's me The boat leaves at 8 p.m. No one can find you in Bali Right I 'll go now , watch out for the police I 'm not scared of your tight fist Wang Rongsheng , you 've been surrounded Walk out now Wang Rongsheng Wang Rongsheng was arrested ... one hour before his boarding time Could it really be the soul of the ... victim going after him ? Sounds incredible A pure coincidence or an act of god ? Explosion ... explosion This is a mining area in Hong Kong lt 's the crime scene of a terrible ... triple murder ! His name is Hong the Bull ... a local mechanic Hong , get back to work Coming ... Hurry , give me a hand I 've got work to do You pee a lot , what 's wrong with your kidney ? Must be it His wife wants to have sex every night Of course there 's something wrong with his kidney Hong , is that true ? Your wife 's like that ? What are you laughing about ? This is De ' the prince He 's the supervisor at the mining area He 's good looking and looks like from a rich family You 're the womanizer , don 't put up the act You guys You 're gossiping about Hong 's wife again ? You shouldn 't discuss about that De , we 're just talking You better stay away from his wife Hong has a pretty wife Having a pretty wife could mean trouble This is his wife Tang Meijiao She 's playing mahjong again She spends her time on the mahjong table Pung Pung Not only that you 'll lose all your money You 'll lose yourself Three Circles Mah Jongg Full house Such bad luck Come here early tomorrow So many debts are incurred So many homes are broken ... on the mahjong table ! Go home soon Fine , see you tomorrow Bye Hey De ' the prince Quit staring Meijiao 's married Auntie Eight , she 's so pretty and is married to a bum ; what a waste ! De ' the prince What are you thinking about ? Don 't tell me you 're interested You 're smart I won some money , here you go Go to the tea house There 's no need It 's about the money I 'll get the money bid next month At least you 're smart We 're friends Auntie Eight That 's it then , bye I know lt 's done What are you doing ? The weather 's hot , don 't do it Meijiao , come on No way Meijiao We haven 't done it for a while So ? You shouldn 't think about sex all the time Why don 't you figure a way to earn more ? You work long hours but get such small pay I can 't afford to play mahjong outside Look at De ' the prince He 's presentable , and is very able if not for Auntie Eight 's help I won 't be able to live ... on the few dollars you gave me I don 't know why I 'm stuck with you I must have done something wrong Meijiao Meijiao Six Circles Eight bamboos Pung Come on , Auntie Eight You 're always so slow You dropped your money I 'm an old guy , can 't get it up anymore Unlike the young people Such a dirty old pervert And you 'd know ? Two bamboos Nine open tiles Hold on ; Pung ! West I didn 't ask for this Two bamboos Uncle Chang , are you going for it ? No I don 't need it I 'll leave that for you Fine Pay up Whatjust happened ? Pay up Pay up Stay for another game , Uncle Chang No , I am out of luck Come again tomorrow night No way How much have you won ? Two hundred or so lt 's late , walk her home Sure , I 'll walk you home See you tomorrow , good night I really like you , Meijiao I don 't believe it I 'm serious What are you doing ? I ... Stop it , De Let go What if my husband sees us ? There 's nothing to be afraid of I 'll wait for you at the store tomorrow You must come Sure Meijiao , I don 't want to leave Bye Bye Meijiao , what 's De doing here ? It 's late , he walked me home ... after the game He walked you back ? Move over ... Auntie Eight You are here I 'll bring you the money tomorrow Count it lt 's alright , that 's efficient Come in for a cup of tea Sure ls she here ? What 's the rush ? She 's waiting for you upstairs Keep an eye outside lt 's safe here , don 't worry Go upstairs Meijiao Meijiao Here I wanted to see you so badly I rushed here Auntie Eight Meijiao ... She was here But she left My husband 's here She doesn 't want to see you I 'm going in I treat her like my own daughter I know Then why the questions ? Hurry Just taking a look Just leave I just want to take a look No way You don 't trust me ? There 's nothing here , just leave Look at yourself Auntie Eight You should be at work What are you doing here ? Please don 't be angry l just want to take a look Just leave Go Go Hurry You little brats I 'll kill you And you Such a trouble maker Get out of my sight Auntie Eight Why are you so angry ? He came here to stir up a scene I 'd like to know what he 's up to What do you want ? So ? Found anything ? He 's got nothing better to do Who are you angry with ? Your husband He suspects that you 're cheating on him He came here to catch you in the act What ? Exactly You 've got nothing better to do ? Please be fair Since I married you Have I ever cheated on you ? It 's so humiliating I don 't want to live Please don 't cry Stop it , Meijiao Hong I don 't think you want to be a cuckold But if you accuse me of being the adulterer I will be humiliated lf you 're innocent , there 's nothing to worry about You piece of shit What are you doing ? You are drunk So disgusting ! Let go of me You 're so annoying You are drunk ... and you want to sleep with me ? You 're my wife Of course I can sleep with you I paid a large sum to marry you That sum could cover expenses on whores for years Who do you take me for ? That 's why you kept a close look on me I have no freedom And you made such a scene earlier Count yourself lucky l don 't hold you responsible You dumb ass Meijiao Meijiao , I ... I 'm doing this because I like you Oh , really ? If the neighbors find out What would they think ? Meijiao , I ... Just leave me alone from now on Or we can go our separate ways I want you tonight No matter what Fine Dig a hole on the wall I want you tonight Let go of me I won 't let you You work long hours but get such small pay I can 't afford to play mahjong outside Look at De ' the prince He 's presentable , and is very able Just dig a hole on the wall Meijiao , I want you Meijiao , you 're so nice It 's raining Don 't worry , it 's fun Aren 't you afraid to catch a cold ? No , come on Let 's go some place else Not here Fine ... ln here Be gentler What 's wrong ? I 'm pregnant What ? Who 's the father ? You , of course Me ? You 've gotta be kidding lf the baby is your husband 's Don 't let me be accountable You men are all heartless I haven 't slept with him ... in months What should I do ? Well Why don 't you sleep with him tonight He could be an instant daddy ; Sounds good ? You 're terrible lf you don 't do something wicked How could you make money ? What happened to you ? You 're all soaked Take a shower and get changed What are you doing standing there ? What 's wrong with you ? You are spaced out and not talking Hong , you must be angry with me lt 's my fault , I 'll sleep with you tonight Why don 't you sleep with him tonight He could be an instant daddy . Sounds good ? Instant daddy ... Fine ! Have it your way I tried to please you , and you don 't appreciate it Let me ask you What were you doing with De ? You followed us ? So you 've known everything I think we should split up It 's been a disaster Why did I marry you ? I should 've known better You should be the last I 'd consider to marry You are pathetic There are plenty of men for me to choose What are you doing ? I want to leave I hate the sight of you , I 'm leaving for good I won 't let you I 'll walk out the door tonight I 'll kill you if you dare You 've got no guts for that I don 't have guts ? Don 't go Go to hell I 'll fight with you You piece of shit Look at you , you a killer ? You are a chicken Auntie Eight , look Something 's wrong at Meijiao 's house Let 's go check it out Go on What now ? Call the police , hurry What are you doing , Hong ? Calm down What do you want to do ? Don 't run Don 't try to flee Stop it , Hong , You ... Auntie Eight who 's greedy for cash The promiscuous Tang Meijiao De the shameless adulterer All died for their sins Lying in their own blood As for the honest Hong Where could he be ? After he had killed the trio He hanged himself in the mining area We often hear tragic news ... such as this case But the strange thing is Tragedies such as these keep occurring Hey , get up and leave I can 't even sleep on the streets ? Just leave or I 'll arrest you Take it over Chen Zhong ... lt 's been a while Jin How have you been ? Come sit with us Another bowl of soya milk Coming right up My friend Brother Sen Brother Sen Chen Zhong Where are you working at ? I am not working Jin , if you know any place is hiring We 're working at the Shaw Studios ... as stuntmen Brother Sen is our head Brother Sen , if there 's any opening Sure , no problem You can join us next time Thanks Do this over here ... Cut ... No , again Again So stupid What 's the next shot , director ? Scene 35 Run from the hills to the sea Then the stuntmen will all gather around you You 'll kill them one by one Then you turn over , jump into the sea What ? It 's freezing lt 's alright , we have whisky I 've got a bottle of whisky Try it Miss Tanny Hello , director Ready Director Why are you so late ? When is my shot ? I played mahjong the whole night , didn 't sleep at all Oh , right then . You 're up later Take a nap first Yue Hua , morning Miss Tanny , I 'll pick it up for you It 's too windy here , let 's go down Come on It 's yummy I want another one What took you so long ? My customer wouldn 't leave So annoying He must have tipped you well Not at all Don 't whine here Bye I 'll treat you to supper It 's still early , sleep a while I 've seen many men But none quite like you You 're so nice to me You charge so little each time You can 't afford to go to the doctor 's I 've got no choice I have a poor life I 've got an idea You can make more money But you gotta listen to me lf l can be with you I 'll do anything you tell me do Looking for a date , sir ? No ... An Actress Movie star Movie star would do such things ? Of course I doubt it I won 't lie to you I don 't believe you You think they make lots of money ? They 've got to buy the cars eat at fancy restaurants buy expensive clothes They need to make a lot for their lifestyle So ? Even so You wouldn 't be the pimp for actresses I won 't lie to you like the fortune teller You can make up your mind soon lf you don 't believe me You can take a look at the merchandise first Fine , I 'm in Room 1 708 Zhong , I 've made a thousand Let 's go grab a bite Your share , let 's go Come on That 's it ? Go This guy is way out of line This is our territory I 've seen him before He 's a stuntman at the studio Let 's go teach him a lesson tomorrow Not like this ... On his neck , then jump one step forward Then the drunken master That 's him Let 's teach him a lesson Sure Take positions , everyone Hurry Hurry Positions , everyone Ready Camera Cut ... What 's going on ? We 're at work here All mad Let 's try again , director One more time Positions Again How many times I 've told you ? They are not stuntmen , they are Brother Lin 's fighters lf you 're working outside You must need someone to back you up I 'll take you to the great uncle Great uncle , he 's here This is Chen Zhong I had told you about He is smart Good Take Zhong along to the market Sure This is it Roast chicken , roast goose I work for Brother Lin I 'm here to collect the protection fees What ? Who is Brother Lin ? Are you serious ? You don 't know Brother Lin ? Guys , we 've always paid the protection fee to the great uncle Why would we pay you ? From now , you must pay Brother Lin That can 't be Will you pay or not ? You can 't be so unreasonable Pay up or else Jin ... so ? He is Brother Lin Catch him Please , my friend I 've got an 80 year old mom And many kids , please don 't ... Well done , Zhong Bloody Jin is dead You can manage Kimberley Road Prat Avenue and Mody Road from now on Thanks , let 's go Sure Old Wang 's share Xiaolin 's Xiaoliu 's This is Old Zhang 's The old newsstand guy 's sick . He has no money to pay Take this to him Where are you going ? To the salon Again ? How many times you go to the salon each week ? It 's not a crime You took my money ? Speak up I lost the money when playing mahjong You should 've told me before you took my money Play mahjong at home from now on You 're not allowed to go out Asshole ignore her , let 's go and have tea Shit ... Hey kid , come with me When you 're done , take a shower Get up What is it , it 's late Take a shirt and a pair ofjeans out Why ? Just do it For him Hello , what ? I 'll tell Brother Zhong Brother Zhong , Brother Lin 's gang told us to go to the train station for a negotiation They 're trying to get themselves killed . Come on Let 's go Brother Zhong , take me along No , they are ruthless You might get killed No problem , I can be useful Go Go on Over here Come on Wait lf you don 't kill him , he 'll kill you Go ... Hurry Go That way Call from the hospital . Sing is dead Fine. I 'll take care of you , Chen Zhong See how much longer can you go on Right now I am making it in my territory I feel empty most of the times Hopeless I know I will die any second Don 't worry , Brother Zhong No one dares to hurt you here Can 't be so sure I 'm facing death every second lt 's not easy Now I have no choice But you 're still young I don 't want you to work for me inside my safe deposit box , I have got ... some money of which my woman doesn 't know Take the money and go study abroad You go and apply for a school Brother Zhong , you 're so nice to me I don 't know how to repay you Don 't mention it I have no family You 're like my own son Just do your best Bad luck. I lost again Deal again Go catch a movie , you guys Kid can stay here as the guard Fine , let 's go Go on We 'll come back after the show I 'm going to take a nap . You stay alert Where 's Brother Zhong ? It 's his regular nap time He told me to buy this for you I 've never seen that ... he 's been so nice to a person Try it on Don 't worry , madam . My lips are sealed Brother Lin wants to meet you You know Brother Lin ? Yes , I 'm not going to lie to you He sent me to work here He wants to speak with you I can 't see him The master won 't be glad if he finds out Young madam , what you 've just done I don 't think you want the master to know So ? Are you going or not ? Brother Lin is here Have a seat lt 's been quite a while Have some tea So ? How 's business ? Don 't worry , Hong I 've got my guys everywhere What do you want to see me for ? Why me ? You can do it yourself He has got so many guards We can 't approach him , only you can Hong After it 's done , I 'll double this amount Even triple it Kid , do you love me ? Yes , I 'm crazy about you I 've never met a man ... who loves me like you do Doesn 't Brother Zhong love you ? Well , he isn 't like you He toys with my emotions So annoying ! You 're different I 'm just so happy to be with you What 's with you ? He will find out sooner or later What then ? If he finds out We 'll both be dead What should we do ? What do you think ? I don 't know I can 't think of anything Kid , why don 't we ... What ? Why don 't we kill him ? No , I can 't betray him You already have . You 're sleeping with him I won 't kill him lf you don 't , he will kill you What took you so long ? Shopping for the new year Later I went to a salon Really ? You take me for a fool ? Isn 't it normal to go to a salon ? I 'm not having an affair You are now MY woman You aren 't a whore anymore A whore ? Yes , I was one You told me to pretend to be an actress ... and took many customers You were my pimp I 've slept with many men other than you Can 't believe you 're accusing ME of infidelity Never mind , Brother Zhong Don 't be so mad , Brother Zhong Bitch Tell me then Fat boy saw you walk out of a love hotel ... with a young man ; who is he ? Tell me Fatty must have been lying Of course you won 't admit it I 've got many men working for me ... in this district lf l find out who 's the adulterer I 'll kill him and you together Forget it . Let 's go for tea You heard him ? We 're about to die , you aren 't doing anything Where 's Brother Zhong ? Taking a nap lt 's going to be quite a scene Fat boy said he knew that young man He 'll come here in a minute and spill out who that young man is Brother Zhong told you to have tea Kid will be here Let 's go Go Young madam , I 've some errands to run I 'd like to take two hours off Go ahead Thanks You ... what are you doing ? Who told you to do this ? I 'll strangle you to death Kid Liu turned himself in after the murder After the trial Since he was under legal age ... He was sentenced to 6 years in a correctional institute
