 Can anybody hear me ? Anybody up there ? Can anybody hear me ? Are there any eye-witnesses ? Two drivers saw the victim got run over by a car We are taking statements from a female driver and a female clerk I heard two loud bangs it sounded like gun shot Miss , what were you doing at that time ? I was looking for my car But I just couldn 't find it Did you see anything else ? Did you hear a gun shot ? I was sitting inside the booth the whole time , I didn 't hear anything Can you still remember ... how many people came to you to pay ... for their parking fees in minutes before the accident ? Tonight was a quiet night there weren 't many customers Other than that lady ... there were two other men That gentleman was one of them and I can 't see the other one around You should be able to describe him at least ? ! He is strong , dark skinned acted strange Police need your help for further investigation Yee , have you checked the tape yet ? The tape is locked inside the machine room We need to wait until the return of the chief security officer to open that door Yee , a driver saw a small truck running over the security guard He said that there were three men inside that truck How come there were so many of them ? Call the Hot Line Center ... and check if anyone else called in The truck driver risked the chance of killing to try to get away There must be something wrong Bee , go Okay ! Who is it ? It 's me You have tried almost everything including being a dog ! Anything from the Hot Line Center ? Nothing ! There was no report of any fire or crime Nothing ! Miss , we are investigating here You can 't park your car here I live here Sir , she really lives here Miss , what is your name ? My name is Fu Miss Fu , the owner of this place is Manson Ma What is your relationship with him ? I am his girlfriend , we live together Can I see your ID card ? Who are you ? I am her colleague What happened ? We are suspecting ... that Mr. Ma has something to do with a gun murdering case That 's impossible ! Kelvin , you 'd better leave No ! I ... It 's okay ! I 'll call you later Pal , get his phone number Miss Fu , follow me please Let me see your ID card Where do you live ? Where is Yee ? Yee is inside Yee , this is Miss Fu Mr. Ma 's girlfriend What the hell ? What have you done to my house ? ! We have a search warrant Miss Fu if we cause any damage to your house ... the government will pay you the cost of the damage Who are you calling ? Manson ! We have looked up his phone number Is it 97776262 ? We have tried it , no one answered Po , get a statement from her Okay ! Does Manson have any relatives ? His parents passed away I am his better half How long have you known him ? Almost ten years We found out that he is ... working part time as a computer designer Does he have a stable job ? He is out of a job for almost 6 months He used to in-charge of a large printing company He is a good man It doesn 't guarantee that he won 't do bad deeds You don 't have the rights to look into my handbag Sorry ! How dare you I won 't accept your apology Miss Fu , I was going to tell you ... Sorry ! But I do have the rights to look into it There is a pawn ticket inside your purse you need money recently ? Do you find anything ? Did you borrow money from anyone ? Loan sharks ? How much did you borrow ? $ 1,300,000 but I paid it all back already Are you sure Mr. Ma paid it all back ? ! I was there at that moment What is the loaner 's name ? I don 't know I paid the money to a middle man His name is Ton What ? Do you know his surname ? We don 't know his surname We only saw him twice Po , take her back to the station for further investigation I have got the tape of the surveillance camera from the parking lot . Let 's go ! Go ! Shoot ! Did you see it ? Manson is not a suspect He was kidnapped Do you know those people ? No ! I don 't know any of them Did Manson get into any trouble with anyone ... or have any financial problems ? Only the bank asked him to pay off the card debt and the housing installment Manson doesn 't like to argue with people Obviously , this is a kidnapping case If they want money ... they will contact you very soon We need to go tab your phone What ? So we can be able to listen to your phone conversations One of them is a baldheaded What did you smell ? Who would want to kidnap a poor fool ? Sorry ! I want a holiday Don 't worry ! I 'll get someone to take care of the things in the office If you want a longer leave ... just tell me in advance Thanks ! Don 't mention it ! Bye ! Thanks mom ! Don 't worry ! It will be fine Eat something first Be careful ! You have to eat Don 't worry , mind your health I know ! Bye ! Bye ! Hello ! What is Manson Ma to you ? I am his girlfriend He is at Mountain View Hotel No.4 Pok Fu Lam Road Go pick him up How is he ? Hello Pit , that address the kidnapper mentioned ... Is it the hotel where a whole family died there before ? People said that place is haunted Shut up . Pay attention to the road ! It 's raining Wait until Yee gets here before we go inside The kidnappers may still be inside Miss Fu , you stay here with Bee I 'll hand it to you Before you go in you have to say ' Excuse me ' ! Mountain View Hotel I wish it will last forever Police ! Put the gun down Bee , it 's me ! Are you okay ? How come you shot at me ? I saw a dark shadow I saw a man coming out with a gun That was why I shot at you Was it my shadow ? I don 't think so There might be someone else I hope it is not a ghost Excuse me ... Where is the girl ? Who cares ! May be she is in the car I have been here before No one was here before Sit down , please ! Thank you ! Mr. Ma , do you know these people ? Can you remember them ? Mr. Ma What did you and the kidnappers talk about in that haunted hotel ? I 'm thirsty What ? I 'm thirsty Bee , give him a cup of water I want wine Mr. Ma ! What ? I don 't know Mr. Ma , don 't drink too much Mr. Ma Try to describe any specialties of the suspect Wearing a hat He has moustache Walking stick I wish it will last forever Is there something wrong ? Mr. Ma , stop drinking Mr. Ma ! Are you okay ? Are you okay ? Let him get some rest today Ask him some other time Before the incident he talks perfectly The doctor once said that if a person is over panic it might affect his behavior During the kidnapping Mr. Ma must have experienced overwhelming scare We don 't really know what happened at the haunted hotel We know that he was beaten ... and was hanged upside down for a long time The doctor said it could cause the brain to suffer from lacking of oxygen It would affect a person 's memory I think , he saw ghosts Yee , I 've found the file What happened at the haunted hotel before ? The murder happened on July 15 , 1967 Around 12 midnight the owner of the hotel , Au Ping-chung ... was drunk and he killed his wife Luk Yuet-ha The woman was terribly killed No need to go into the details He killed his wife because he thought his wife was cheating on him From his friend 's statement the owner always loved his wife and son He knew that he couldn 't get away from the crime So he and his son took mouse poison When the police arrived ... the father and the son lied dead in the same bed His wife 's body was on the ground The record player at the scene was playing an old song I wish it will last forever This will was written on the wall , too Manson quitted drinking for years I want to kill you ... Mr. Kwan , you are back Hello Is Grace there ? Who is looking for Grace ? Who are you ? I am her husband , who are you ? Mr. Kwan , your daughter is waiting for you in your room Mrs. Pan , you can go to sleep Okay ! Dad ! How come you are not sleeping ? ! You have to go to school tomorrow I am waiting for you Where is mom ? She is out Go to sleep . Come on Can you sleep with me ? You 'd better go to sleep Is this better ? You need to get more rest Our stocks have raised a lot If we sell it now we will only lose a little The money we lost we can make it back in future I have taken two days off already I need to go to work I will go cook you something to eat Mei ... Move ! Call Miss Fu ... ask her where Manson has gone I don 't have Miss Fu 's phone number Go ask Bee Bee is on sick leave Po , do you have Miss Fu 's phone number ? Pit , Miss Fu said that Manson is still at home What is this ? What do you think ? It looks like blood stain Take it back to the lab to find out Manson ! Manson ... Are you okay ? You shouldn 't drink mind your health please Be careful ! Have you been out ? Did you buy the wine ? Say something Say something or I don 't know what to do The market delivered it Are you sick ? No ! How come you have so much dirt on you ? What have you done this afternoon ? Pilling bricks ! Why ? You don 't want those flowers anymore ? You don 't have to do so much we are going to sell the house anyway No , we are not selling But didn 't we decide on this already ? We will sell the house and pay back the bank and my mom We will go live somewhere else I am the only one left I can 't support the whole family Look at those bank letters The letters keep coming If we don 't pay , the bank will take away our house We can 't sell it I have arranged an appointment with an agent I am not going to sell it . I am telling you , I am not going to sell it You said that you like this house before We will live here forever Don 't you worry I can solve any problem I am warning you Don 't send this kind of letter here again Don 't dare threaten us again I won 't give you my house If you dare bring bailiff to my house I will kill you Mr. Lai ! What is the situation ? The truck that was used to kidnap Manson is burning now Bee , are you okay ? Yes , Mr. Lai Work harder ! The promotion test will be held next week Is Pit here ? He is over there I don 't know why but he seems grumpy today Pit , we have new lead What is it ? What you 're found in the truck ... is proved to be blood stain and it is type A I have checked the files of dead people who died for the past 3 months No one matches ... the DNA and blood sample What kind of lead is this ? Look like we have to ask Manson some more questions It will be useless ! Look like he is having a psychological break down He went to the bank and said that he wanted to kill people We still need to question him Pit ! The fire stopped It 's still very hot ! You want to get toasted ? Pit , Miss Fu called you The girls is very cute What are you talking about ? ! Mind your tongue Stop talking crazy ! Are you okay ? ! We are just joking with you Hong Kong Monetary Authority Hi ! Okay ! Manson , how are you ? Crystal ! What 's up ? What 's wrong ? Tell me I want to borrow money from you I have couple thousands here is it enough ? I need $ 10,000 , cash $ 10,000 cash ? ! Wait for a while I will go get it for you Thanks ! We are old friends . Don 't worry ! Please sit for a while And ... I want to use your computer to send an e-mail ! No problem ! I can do it Okay ! Help yourself ! Thanks ! No problem ! Bye ! Bye ! Hello ! Amy , she just left I think ... she is on the way . Bye ! Pay your respect by burning incense Thanks ! Sorry ! If my boyfriend ... caused any trouble to you hope you would forgive him What the hell ? The male owner cut off her wife 's head Hello ! How come you call back so late ? ! Do you have to work till this late ? Your daughter is waiting for you ! Go home and answer your phone call A bastard called for you Now I know why the male owner cut off his wife 's head Let 's go ! I am back ! This late ? I worked late You didn 't go out ? I don 't really know what he is thinking about now Look like he had become another person Yes ... I will go pay my respect burning incense I went to that hotel too Mom , I am scared Go to your house ? ! No ! How can I leave him when he needs me most ? Let me think about it I know ... I will call you back ... Bye ! Why did you cheat me ? Why did that cop pick you up ? He is a bad guy . He dragged me down I don 't want you to see him again understand ? Understand ? I lost everything Why the world has changed that fast ? But , you can 't change We can 't change Where is he going late at night ? Pit , I have young and old in my house Pit , you don 't have to work so hard ! Forget it ! Go check outside , okay ? Hello , is it 999 centre ? A car accident happened at Tso Wu Hang , Saikung This is Ting Gun-kwun ... No. 2324 from the Organized Crime Bureau Ting Gun-kwun ... up to you An accident happened Send someone over there , Thanks ! Police , what is it ? That asshole , may be an idiot going nonsense Is it a black Jeep ? Yes ! Where did it go ? Saikung Town ! Hello ? 999 ? It 's me , Ting Gun-kwan again Car accident happened at the turnabout of Saikung Market Pit ! Sir , what do you want to drink ? Beer ! Why did you drive that fast ? Are you hurrying to hell ? Pit , let me drive Stop the car ! What ? Let 's go back to the bar Okay ! Does the man who just sat here earlier ... come here often ? Police ! I saw him the first time today Other than ordering a drink ... what else did he do ? He made a phone call After that , did anyone use the phone ? No ! Excuse me , can you give me the phone ? I want to know what number did he dial and the address of that number Hello ! We 've got the information of the number The owner is called Lin Yok Bing 28 years old she is a teacher and is single No rental reported Thanks ! You don 't have to work this hard The promotion test is coming up soon I didn 't pass the test last time It will determine my chance of buying a house What did you get ? Single female owner Manson is having an affair ? Give me the telephone number $ 66 , thanks ! Hello ! Is Wong Chi Ching there ? You 've got the wrong number Sorry , thanks ! The owner is at home Let 's go check it out Let me finish this drink The test is coming up . Work harder Who are you looking for ? Are you Lin Yok Bing ? I am police . Open the door Miss Lin , I am police What 's up ? Do you know who Manson Ma is ? Cigar ? ! Move ! Don 't run Bing is hurt Go help her Stop ! Bee ! Bee ! Bee ... Anyone there ? Call the ambulance Bee , hold on ! Open the door Bee , hold on ... Bee ! Hurry up ! Pit , how is Bee ? Where is Manson ? In the questioning room ! Let 's have a cup of tea How is Bee ? How dare you act to be obsessed ? Who are the gangsters ? Say it ! Are you a mute ? Who are those gangsters ? Say it ! Who are they ? Say it Pit , you are going to kill him Pit ! Manson You burnt candles at the haunted hotel on that night When you saw me walking inside you blew it out And threw it into the toilet you tricked me out of the room And then you went to hang yourself onto the wall , right ? Moustache ? With a walking stick and a hat ? ! Is that him ? Asshole ! How dare you give false statement ? ! Pit , stop hitting him ! Enough ! Asshole ! What is your relationship with the suspect ? Say it ! I don 't know what you are talking about I only know you picked my girl up after work and brought her home very late I don 't know ... are you trying to date my girlfriend Listen ? He won 't get better even if you don 't beat him You are so clear you should remember your friends Mr. Ma , please work with us I have nothing to tell I dare you to kill me Pit , we 've got new leads Yee , take him to the other room Pit , let 's go What is it , Crystal ? I had a date with Amy after work But when we were waiting for a taxi ... a small truck stopped in front of us And couples of the masked men ... kidnapped Amy They beat me up too ! Asshole ! What do you think ? Did your friends do this ? Your girl friend go kidnapped Will she be so lucky like you and get released ? Should we go save her ? She is in danger ! What can you tell us ? I borrowed money from them but I can 't pay up So they kidnapped me After running over the guard to death ... they started to threaten me They asked me not to disclose the case Otherwise , they would hurt my girlfriend So , I dare not tell a word Why didn 't they simply kill you ? Are you their buddy ? I don 't know them For every loan I made it through a middle man What is his name ? Isn 't he named Ton ? Chan Ton ! For a loan ! They armed to kidnap and ran over a guard ... They are criminals They are not just loan-sharks , are they ? You lied My girlfriend got kidnapped She is in danger ! Bee died ! Hello Mom asked you when you are coming back ? Dad is working Tell your mom to answer the phone Mom this is your call I am busy She said she is not free Good girl , dad promise you that I will come home right after work Bye ! Although there isn 't any solid economic figures to support Hang Seng Index ... as being led by the Dow Jones Figure ... exceeded 13,000 points ... There is rumor that there will be an interest raise ... Calm down You tricked me ? ! Calm down ... Drop that bar Why am I so stupid ? Why should I buy a house at this high price ? I deserve it Mr. Ma After the financial turmoil many people lost everything Stay cool It 's useless to work hard They read everyday and can 't catch up at last I have worked for over ten years But I was fired at last I am doomed Failed ! Why the world has changed so rapidly ? What can be left ? What belongs to me ? Manson Ma What is the name of the printing factory you were working before ? And , where is it ? It 's closed , named Wing Cheung Printing Factory . It 's in Kwun-tong Hello ! Manson Ma Wait for me ... at the Tsing Yi MTR station tomorrow morning You must bring your mobile phone Hello ! Pit ! Hello ? Say ! The criminal asked Manson to Tsing Yi Bridge Got it ? Got it ! Move ! Yee , can you trace the phone ? Not yet Hello ! They criminal asked ... I can 't hear you , repeat The criminal asked Manson ... I can 't hear you , repeat Stop ! Stop ! Manson , don 't jump ! Don 't jump , you 'll die Come down Don 't jump ! Manson Pit ! Pit , it 's dangerous ! What are you doing ? Be careful Call the ambulance Po , ask the marine police to rescue the guy Brother Yee a boat comes to pick him up Po , call the marine A blue speedboat is moving to the container terminal Where is Amy ? Go help Shing Where is Amy ? You told the cops our turf You definitely know what would happen ! No , they got the phone number themselves Uncle Kwai , I didn 't betray you , I swear Uncle Kwai , I paid my money I didn 't receive it I gave it to Ton . Where is Amy ? Who is it ? No ! Stop ! Amy ! Amy ... How dare you trick us ? I 've done what you told me I brought along with what you want What is it ? This is the timetable I stole from the Monetary Authority When should we start ? On Friday ... The staff always prepare the materials used on Monday If only we are able to sneak in on Sunday And once we start the computer we will be rich You just want money , don 't you ? You must set Amy free You want to negotiate with us ? My woman is dead ... do you want yours to bury with her ? If not , let 's break up Bury me ! Pit , Ming is on line two It 's a call for you He wants to talk to you about your wife Hello Did you see that man ? Where are you ? Wait for me . I 'll be right there Pit , what 's the matter ? I wanna kill ! Where is my wife ? She is inside ! Who is he ? Did you call in the middle of the night ? Grace asked me to call What 's the matter ? Is it your birthday ? That 's none of your business Did you sleep with my wife ? Grace , don 't go too far I ask you , did you sleep with my wife ? Are you crazy ? Did you ? Pit , take away your gun When did you start to care about me ? You just love working , don 't you ? I just want to have fun with you How can you make jokes with this thing ? Pit , today is your birthday You have worked too hard You forget your girl and your wife Don 't scare your daughter Today is your birthday we just want to make you happy Your wife complains that you 've neglected her She just wants to know whether you are still caring or not Pit , you 've over-concentrated in your work So we want to make you relax But we couldn 't imagine that you would want to shoot You are too nervous Come on Let 's take a happy family picture Pit , come on Give daddy a kiss , say happy birthday Happy birthday ! Come on , take a picture ... Pit , happy birthday Pit Come on ! Be happy Look at here Mrs. Pit , sit closer one more picture ... Right , look at here ... Chairman Li , good morning Good morning ! May I bother you for some minutes ? Our buddies are staying with your wife at the car park You 'd better follow us ... then she will be safe Don 't move Pit ! Where is she ? She 's over there Where did she land ? Just ahead ! Manson Ma disappeared We believe that he is with the criminals Miss Fu , did the criminals hurt you ? No ! They treated you nice What 's written on the statement ? The criminals masked Miss Fu She was locked up inside the cabinet She was just sent here by a speedboat So she reported to police She has no chance to see the face of the criminals Did you hear any conversations of the criminals ? No ! Miss Fu was locked up inside the cabinet She didn 't hear anything from the criminals She just heard ships passing by And , she heard the noise made by fire engines Couples of time a day We haven 't found out where the ship was parked We sent someone to check any typhoon shelters ... with a fire station nearby Miss Fu ... is he the middleman between Manson and the loan sharks ? Yes , we paid money back to him But this Chan Ton disappeared for some time But I 've just received a report that ... we found blood on Ma 's car From the DNA and the blood type it belongs to Chan So I believe that he was killed You think Manson murdered Chan ? Yee ! What is it ? Did you get something ? They came back safe from the hands of the kidnappers I think Ma must be doing something with the criminals And I think they must have started the operation Why are you so sure ? Miss Fu was released after being kidnapped for two days Why not after three days or four days ? If they didn 't set her free ... Ma won 't co-operate with them So , they must be working on it now Chairman Li Open the gate Are they going to rob a jewelry shop ? If they do want to rob a jewelry shop Why do they need a computer expert ? We found their turf so easily And found so many leads ... I suspect that this is a trap Come up . Don 't be scared Yee , how about my information fee ? Take a statement from him Two thousand Sir , don 't you give me salary ? Yee ... Did you find the printing factory Ma mentioned ? David , what did you get from the printing factory ? I checked the Registry I didn 't find the company he mentioned Think , how can a computer expert ... make money in a printing company ? Thank you ! Amy , this is mom Why haven 't you come home yet ? Pack up and hurry back , okay ? I worry so much about you Call me when you are back , bye ! Amy , I am fine . Don 't worry about me It 's time to pay the installment of the Au-wah Bank Don 't forget it They cheque is nailed on the board It 's time to pay the installment of the Au-wah Bank Don 't forget it The cheque is nailed on the board . Bye ! Mr. Ma , I am Wong from Au-wah Bank ... Your installment day is expired I 've called you several times Please contact me after you are back Thank you Hello Miss Fu , I am Officer Kwan You just come back ? Yes ! The factory your boyfriend used to work is closed down We can 't find its address Do you know where it is ? That 's government owned . It won 't close Didn 't he work in the notes printing factory ? Yes Why didn 't you mention it in your first statement ? His job must be kept secret I am sorry . You can 't park here Police ! We are undergoing investigation Hon , police are working here Mark down their information and ask them to get away No one is allowed to park here Police from the Organized Crime Bureau ... I want to ask the situation inside Everything normal no special thing happened Leave this place at once . I am sorry High security ! Let 's make a turn and come back later He said no parking is allowed right here But he didn 't say we are not allowed to take a walk Hon , they didn 't care our warning and stay What 's wrong with you guys ? Nothing , we just want to take a breath My pal , please ! This is the territory of the Monetary Authority The boss is the Financial Secretary Police cannot control everything We keep law and order ; they keep money Both of us want to be paid , right ? Don 't act anything wild I can 't take the responsibilities Pit , can we trust the information ? Why don 't you stop him ? How can I ? Although my rank is higher his voice is louder than mine I am sure the criminals aim at this place Can you hear that ? Let 's stop arguing ... I 'm the in-charge of here Anyway , follow the instructions I am going to find their in-charge Every move must be approved by senior Pit , don 't do too much ... but just do the right thing Get in ... Sir , you can 't park here Drive ahead 1st , January 2000 Hong Kong Manson , how come all the notes are marked ... with the date of January 1st of next year ? How come the date is not today ? ! You are trying to trick me ? ! The note is marked right Every note is marked with the date of January 1st You are spending money everyday how can you not know it ? Look , isn 't this marked with July 1st ? This is the year 1997 special edition Special edition ? ! Right ! All others are marked with January 1st Then this is useless ? ! You finally understand it now ? What are you looking at ? ! Get to work Shing ! Kill me ! Let 's see who will print these notes for you Also , you have to wait for me to delete all the money serial no before you can kill me Or else , if you use these money ... you will get arrested for sure Shing ... Forget it Shing ! What ? How much longer are you people going to take ? There are lots of police outside . Hurry ! I don 't know But there is lots of money in front of me Don 't be greedy There are lots of police out there Shing ! Go get that asshole Manson ! Manson , come out now Hello ... Shing ... Baldhead ... Answer me They are dead Ma , if anything happens you can kill the hostage If you work with me your husband will be fine I 've told you , after the case I will take you guys to Disneyland Okay ... Okay Anywhere you want to go Just anything you say Okay ? Okay , I will call you before I come back , bye ! What is the matter of you ? You are like becoming another person I was scared after being fooled by you guys We haven 't found Chairman Lee of the Notes Printing Authority Ma ! Uncle , what is it ? Kill those hostages Hey , what 's going on in there ? I don 't know Wong , robbers are found here Call the cops Got it ! Mr. Lai Go in ! Yes , sir ! Stay away from the door You two watch the door The car that just drove away who were in there ? Mrs. Lee and the driver Do you know the driver ? He isn 't the everyday driver for Mr. Lee But , he looks very familiar to me Think carefully did he work here before ? He used to be the supervisor here Look after them Pit , hurry up and go chase Ma I will take care of this place , go Yes Sir ! Freeze ! Stop ! 999 There is a corpse found in my house ! Miss , calm down ! What is your name ? My name is Fu Your address ? No.9 , Wing Lung Road , Saikung What is your telephone number ? Miss Fu , what is your telephone number ? Can you hear me ? Didn 't you hear my message ? Is Chan Ton buried there ? We don 't have time . Let 's go Why you committed a murder ? He deserved it He took my money to go gambling He lost it all and wanted me to commit a robbery with him Since the day I killed Chan Ton I know I couldn 't turn back But , don 't worry Now I have lots of money Where is the money from ? I printed a lot of money at the printing factory Let 's go ! We have no time ! I don 't know who you are The Manson Ma I know won 't go rob other people He won 't murder too . I won 't go with you I 've already called the police You 'd better run ! Don 't cry ! Amy , don 't cry ... This is not your fault You are right . We don 't need to go If 2 persons want to be together anywhere will be the same I will drink it first Don 't be scared Almost done ... Amy ! Help ... Amy ! Who are in there ? We are police ! Hey , can you open the gate for me please ? Help ... Pit , it 's you ? ! Call for backups ! Yes ! Take care of Mrs. Lee Amy ! Manson Ma , don 't move It 's you ! It 's you who told my wife to leave me Get down ! Manson Ma Freeze ! Manson ! It 's very dangerous He has a gun Manson , put down the gun Put down the gun Put it down Miss Fu , no , he 's crazy Manson Ma , put down the gun Manson ...
