 Hellish Spiders The Space Age leads mankind to discover the astounding mysteries of outer space . Inscrutable planets , immense comets and unknown galaxies which are inhabited by incredible beings of the most horrible physical sort and bone-chilling psychological nature . In our story , we will take a look at the Arachnea galaxy in which the fearsome Arachnids originated . The Queen Arachnea , the power and intelligence of the galaxy , feeds on the brains of beings from other worlds . However , these beings have been annihilated and the Arachnids begin the search for brains in other worlds in order to save their queen . Traveling in strange cosmic crafts they explore the universe looking for nutrition to save their queen . In their great search they encounter a thousand dangers in the great and unexplored universe . The explorers from Arachnea are cruel and bloodthirsty , nothing will keep them from completing their objective . Their motto is " Kill or be killed " . Finally they discover on the Planet Earth beings with powerful minds that will serve as the life-giving foodstuff for Queen Arachnea . The Arachnids begin a pitiless attack on Earth , bringing death and destruction to it 's hapless inhabitants who at that moment are excitedely attending their idol Blue Demon 's match , defending his world wrestling championship . This night 's match was the last one in the tour , now I rest . A shame champ , I enjoy traveling with you . You need to concentrate on your career . Next year I 'll get my diploma as an engineer and then it 's straight to work . I 'm happy for you and Hilda . Hilda ... I think I 'll end up marrying her . That car 's a speed demon . Looks like it 'll pass us . Look ! The motor 's working again . Look , there 's the car that passed us . Let 's go . Look Jose , that 's no longer a man , it 's a cadaver ! Come . What happened here ? He 's charred ! How could this have happened ? He 's still warm . It 's true . He 's the same one that passed us . What happened ? Could this have something to do with that light and the motor stopping ? I don 't know . It could be what some scientists call spontaneous combustion . What 's that ? Look , the neutrino is the smallest particle of matter . Like the atom ? Smaller , much smaller . They call it anti-matter . When there 's a neutrino imbalance the thing or individual involved is ignited and it 's all over , like perhaps happened in this case . Understand ? Frankly , no . But something must have provoked it , right ? No one knows how those imbalances occur , but there are cases in antiquity that lead in that direction . The sages have now been able to photograph the neutrino . Anyway , what 's important now is to let the police know what happened . Let 's leave this place quickly . Molok ! Protik ! The supreme mistress of the Arachnea galaxy has arrived . Those of us that arrived years ago now have human form but not our supreme leader . She is dying and has come in search of the human fodder that shall sustain her . I need the brain of a human being . Clean . Healthy . Without that , all of the creatures of Arachnea shall die . I need that brain immediately , do you hear me ? I shall punish you if you don 't succeed . You will be killed without pity ! You 've heard . Molok , Protik , you must act with all haste or you shall die . There are still some human things we do not comprehend Arianek . It 's true that they fear death and use warfare to defend themselves . With those sorts of emotions their substance will be of no use . Avoid it . You have your ways . I have just burned Ugran , he was driving in his car . Do you want to end up the same way ? Very well , we shall carry out our orders . We are now like humans . Only this shows our arachnid nature , but no one notices it . Some pigments of our race remain in our bodies . I know . Today I won 't go into this city but you must bring our supreme leader the best among those you 've chosen . Even though our ship is well hidden at this abandoned home be very careful . Understood ? Yes Arianek , you 'll soon have the first chosen one . Blue Demon couldn 't inform you personally because he has to wrestle Commander . He told me when I got to the arena . Well , I think they burned him and dressed him afterwards . Yes , something about lights and spontaneous combustion . To tell the truth the champ is acting oddly . Well , I 'll talk to him again . Yes sir , I 'll keep you updated . There isn 't a logical explanation in this case . It 's the first one I 've seen in my life . The cadaver is totally incinerated . I 'm telling you lieutenant : it 's a case of disequilibrium between matter and neutrinos and it must have produced that strange light that disabled the motors . It seems like a fantasy , but I was a witness and I think it was something out of this world . An analysis of the body offered no clues , but some powder from the man 's care indicated radioactivity . Radioactivity ? Then there 's no doubt . It was some kind of space machine that caused all those occurrences . Oh Jose , a bit more and you 'd be saying there are aliens among us . It could be . We are no more than a tiny particle in the universe . Nothing can be denied with certainty . The Sun , The Sun ! Woman disappeared under mysterious circumstances ! Molok , Protik , our supreme leader needs more human sustenance . Act without pity ! Quickly ! Now you Jose . Let 's see if you 've learned how to escape that hold . A diabolical power draws near . We must be prepared . It 's weapons are incredible and it 's evil satanic . Then this thing is more serious than it seems . - It is . - Blue ! - Good afternoon . - Good afternoon Lieutenant . Blue , someone came to see you . Hello Lieutenant . Look how tired he is . If I were from another world he 'd be dead . That 's why I came by champ . We need you to help us with all these crimes we can 't solve . Help you ? Of course , but how ? I really don 't know , but I 'm sure you 'll think of something to find those two mens killers . They are a great threat . These really are cases that would scare anyone . We shouldn 't waste more time , let 's attack . Very well champ , where should we start ? You 've always helped us in serious cases and this time is no exception . I 'm listening . Inspector , we should go over the site of the first crime while using a radiation detector . A radiation detector ? The champ thinks that some sort of space craft caused the bright light , stopped the motor and charred the man we found . Perhaps it left something behind that will give us a clue . We should go . Yes , we should act immediately . Wait . That man is a threat . Capture them and bring them here . She could be of use also . I shall help you . I will unleash a paralyzing ray . What 's happening Blue ? I don 't know what 's going on . I can 't move ! I 'm paralyzed ! Run Hilda , run ! Get away . In that state that man is no good for our supreme leader . Lieutenant ! Inspector ! Jose ! Where are you ? We 're over here Blue . What happened Inspector ? Are you alright ? Yes , I 'm fine but I don 't know what happened . What happened ? I don 't know dear . I really don 't know , but I feel very confused . His name is Blue Demon and he is one of the chosen ones but he must die anyway because he knows of our people . That man has strength of body and spirit . I want him alive . Call the home planet and tell them to send for Arak himself . He will be able to defeat him without having to destroy him . So what you 're saying Jose is that we are being watched from those distant stars ? The things that have been happening confirm it . You really think the ones that attacked us are beings from another world ? Their weapons and powers indicate it . In the immensity of the universe everything is possible . How small we are . I feel insignficant . I don 't know exactly what 's on other worlds but while on ours , there 's love . We 'll be happy . I 've asked for information in the towns and farmsteads of this zone but no one knows anything about it . What do you suggest ? I 'm as confused as you are , all of these things would scare anyone . But they tried to kill me ! Who ? No one knows , but that 's what happened . We were victims of an attack and they know I 'll recognize them when I see them , so they 'll try to kidnap or destroy us . But if we 're alert we can escape and find a clue . The champion will be here soon . We should warm up to get in shape . Come on . Call him . We 're on the corner . Yes Molok . There 's someone to see you outside . Come with me . I 'll be right back . Here he is . Blue Demon endangers our craft and your very life supreme leader . Arak will prevent it . I want you to change your form and bring me that woman Hilda to sustain me . Do my bidding . Arak has heard your call , Queen of the Arachnids , and I came to your aid . All we found is a lot of phosphorus and some radioactive elements . Also , the substance we thought was blood doesn 't appear to be of human origin . So that means the woman Hilda fired at isn 't a human being . However , they do resemble humans , at least the ones that attacked us did We 're going against a frightening force . Criminals or beings of whatever sort have tried to kill us and will try again . I have my best men trying to find some clue but it 's no good . They 'll continue with their attacks , of that I 'm certain , and if they let their guard down for a moment I 'll launch a counter-attack . Prince Arak declares his entrance to the planet Earth 's galaxy . Long live the supreme leader of the Arachnea Galaxy . Arak will be here soon to defeat the only one that has stood against us , the champion Blue Demon . Through the vastness of space travels Arak , he has been on Earth before and his powerful body is invincible , but he can transform his extremeties when he so desires . With him we 'll complete our mission without delay . We will take enough brains to save our galaxy . The Press , The Press ! Wrestler Kidnapped ! Where do you have the wrestler you kidnapped ? His partner told me you took him outside and he never came back . Answer ! Arianek , I 've been captured by the champion . Help me ! He 'll make me talk ! Help me ! Arianek , please help me ! My god ... Prince Arak announces his arrival to Earth 's atmosphere and prepares to land his craft . There 's no doubt Robles , we 're looking at an indecipherable mystery . Yes , it 's true . Where are those voices coming from ? Have you ordered someone to trace them ? Yes , but there 's no device capable of finding the site , frequency or any other clue that could give us a location . Supreme mistress of the Arachnea Galaxy , I bow before you . I , Arak , in the name of the universe in which we live , swear to your life and race even if we have to destroy the earth . Arianek , Molok , Protik , tell me what 's going on . There are thousands chosen to be taken to our planet Arak , but one man is on the verge of destroying our operation . I 'll finish him . He shall be calcified by our death ray . No ! He is the best specimen in existence and shall serve as sustenance for our supreme leader . I 'm scared Jose , what Blue Demon 's told us is terrifying . Imagine , beings from another world living among us . It could be they have a very urgent need . But all the killing ? Death may be a very different concept for them than it is for us . To take a life must be a crime everywhere . What will we do ? Have faith that we 'll be victorious . You 're right , there 's nothing to fear . Blue Demon won 't rest until the danger is over . Of course so , beautiful ! Look . Well , I 'm here . Wow . When you called me I didn 't think you 'd look like this sir . Boys , let me present a new wrestler , Mister ... Pardon me mister , I forgot your name . Okran . I called him to seem him wrestle with you a bit . I 'll wrestle with them all at once . Wait , wait , I 'm enough . Mr Mendez , that man 's a beast . It 'll be impossible to beat him . Only the champion . Where did you come from ? From that cave . You are lovely . Don 't move . You will forget everything you saw , everything . You won 't remember me . - Hello Mr Mendez . - Blue Demon , I have the best fight of your life . Yes ? And with a challenger worthy of you . He 's called Okran . But you must know where you were . I found you asleep in the car next to the garden . Did you drink something that might have been drugged ? After Jose left the car to go to the arena I don 't remember a thing . I take it you haven 't seen this so called Okran ? Neither have the impresario or the others , but I 'm told he 's something extraordinary . Your physical condition is extraordinary , but the match will be difficult . I assure you this challenger is dangerous . Don 't worry , I 'm in perfect condition . If I lose it 'll be to a worthy opponent , even if I don 't know him . Now they won 't recognize you . Did you set everything up ? Yes sir . Excuse me , but I must examine you Mr Okran , it 's a routine thing . How strange ... it 's like you don 't have a heart . I can 't hear it . That 's because I don 't have one . What ? That 's enough doctor . Leave , I must change . Do something Lieutenant ! Let him go ! Let him - He 's dead . What ? Arianek , hold the champion 's car , he 's after us , hurry ! Arianek , have you sent for our men ? It 's necessary to make an end of it , my plans have failed . The champion is more powerful than I thought . All the ones from the city have come . The supreme leader wants us to return to our galaxy as soon as possible . She is ill once more . We will prepare these bodies to feed her . And when she grows tired , the supreme leader will dispose of her . See if his blood is pure . The security of our Queen requires it . We can 't take them all , mark their grades and blast them with the paralyzing ray . As soon as the Queen has fed and can travel we 'll depart . Will we take the prisoners ? They 're already in space , I sent them off in the repaired ship . Arak ! Arianek ! A stranger is here , I sense his presence ! Protect me ! Arak ! Arianek ! A stranger is here , protect me ! I sense his presence ! Jose ! Hilda ! Blue Demon , it 's good to see you . Where 's Hilda ? We have to find her . Come on , let 's go find her . Prince Arak , Prince Arak ! Our Queen perishes ! Arak , Prince Arak , our Queen is dying ! Hurry , she needs more sustenance ! Careful ! Save her Jose ! Hurry , take me to the ship ! Obey me ! Let 's go . This has ended . Only the courage , the strength and audacity of Blue Demon caused the terrible Arachnids to flee , taking with them their dying Queen . But little did they imagine that their own destructor ray would blow them into a thousand pieces upon leaving Earth 's sheltering atmosphere . The Earth has been saved from these infernal beings thanks to Blue Demon .
