 Ladies , what 's going on ? Y 'all are looking real good . That 's one of ours , right ? Oh , look who 's here . How are you , hey . Man , wait , wait , wait ! Slow down , man ! This a no-wake zone ! Come on , what 's wrong ? Are you crazy ? Slow down ! It 's a no-wake zone ! Slow down ! You gonna hurt somebody one of these days . Idiots , man . Can 't have nothing nice these days . You know what I 'm saying ? Oye , Stevie . Not too close to the water , okay , Honey ? All right , Mom . More champagne ? It 's a party , man . Stevie ! Yo , is anybody a 'ight ? Mom ? - Horatio ? - Yeah ? The name of our vic is Jennifer Valdez , 26 . She was a guest of the owner of the house , a Dennis De Labeque , a. k.a. " Deuce Deuce . " Awful lot of guests at this party , Frank . Well . Mr. De Labeque is an entrepreneur . He got famous producing partie in South Beach for movie stars and pro athletes . He was hosting his own party today to launch his new fashion line . - Anyone see anything ? - Uh , yeah . Possibly two suspects . A driver and a shooter , but you know how that goes , everybody runs for cover . So , no hard IDs . What about the owner ? Well , Mr. De Labeque is only saying that the gunfire came from the bayside from a passing cigarette boat . Okay , but that 's a whole lot of gunfire to kill one woman though . Well , it 's unlikely our victim was the target . Not from that distance either . So that means the shooter was aiming at the whole party , and not the individual . Which basically means we 've got a drive-by . A drive-by ... Miami style . The Miami 's Sub Team presente CSI Miami Saison 3 Episode 02 : Pro Per Transcript : Raceman Synchro : Chekdatas , Percy , Snake et Space67 Traduction : Bendef Corrections et aide : Aljalil , Cordesh , Moustou , Snake et Chekdatas Looks like she was killed by a single gunshot . Got an exit wound . Through-and-through . Broken glass , multiple bullet strikes , sporadic gunfire . Sporadic is right . Guy didn 't care who he hit . Stevie ! He 's going to care . He bought himself a murder charge . All right , I 'm going to go find that through-and-through . Amen . Mr. De Labeque , do you have y enemies ? Make a list . Lot of haters out there , they don 't like to see a brother that 's doing good . Any of these " haters " ever threaten you ? Come on , man , I stay in the positive , a 'ight . Unfortunately , Jennifer Valdez doesn 't have that luxury anymore , does she ? - - It 's that she got dealt a bad hand . - But now it all falls on Stevie . Who is Stevie ? It 's her little shorty , man . Excuse me , gentlemen . Stevie , my name 's Horatio Caine and I was wondering How you 're doing ? Okay . All righty . Um , I want to get you a ride home , but I don 't know if you have a relative in the area , do you ? All right , I 'll work on that . Did you , Stevie , see the man who did the shooting ? No ? Okay , all right , partner . I 'll , um , I 'll go see about that ride , okay ? He had a black gun . Stevie ? Do you think you could come with me and take a look at some pictures ? Will they put the siren on ? You want the siren ? Okay , I 'm going to tell them that Stevie wants the siren . - All right . - Okay , pal . - H. - Yeah ? Coast Guard just spotted our cigarette boat headed out towards open water just past Key Biscayne . Okay , get Frank and go . Vessel off our port bow . Heave to and be prepared to be boarded . Why you coming at me all hard for , man ? Like I 'm a criminal or something , dawg . Aside from the fact that you have no registration for that boat , it was involved in a shooting over by Star Island today . What ? Man , I ain 't blast nobody . Driving a boat that was used in a murder ? Doesn 't make much difference if you pulled the trigger or not , does it ? I found that boat , like , a half hour ago , man . It was sitting there running . I took it for a ride . Where was it just sitting ? I ain 't going to do your job for no One Time . All right . Suit yourself , Eight Mile . Turn arround . Whatever , man . Officer . He 'll give it up eventually . Doesn 't really matter . We 've got his boat . I thought I was going to look at pictures of a gun . Well , you know , sometimes , Stevie , when somebody is very scared , all they see is the gun . But if they think really hard , they can see the face behind the gun . I shouldn 't have been so close to the water . Stevie . This is not your fault . That 's not why this happened . You get that ? Okay . You continue to look at the pictures . I 'll be back . Hey , Delko ? Get anything ? Couple of partials . Might give us one of our suspects . Somebody was getting busy . Must be 30 cartridges down there . Yeah , it 's all nine mil . Guy thought he was Tony Montana . There 's no gun on board , so I 'm thinking he dumped it somewhere in the Bay . Hey , Delko , take a look at this . Two bullet strikes on the outside . Maybe someone from the party . House full of urbanites , you know , probably all packing . What , am I wrong ? Easy , big fella , all right ? Well , somebody tooka couple pops at this boat . It 's got to be somebody from the party . Well , the question is , were they returning fire , or initiating it ? Hold on a second , man . So wait , I get shot at , but yet I 'm treated ike a suspect ? Someone from your party , Dennis , shot at the boat . Lieutenant . That is gun shot residue . Who , Dennis , were you shooting at ? I was defending myself . - So they shot first ? - Of course they shot first . But if a punk busts off on me , you better believe I 'm going to bust back . Dennis , you 're holding out on me . You know who did the drive-by , don 't you ? Look , man , I handle my own business , all right ? Our victim just made this my business . If I get caught up in a murder trial , that means I got to testify . I got a clothing line now . I got housewares . You don 't see Calvin Klein caught up in no Star Island murder . It 's bad for business , man . I suggest that you start thinking about what 's best for this little boy . So who am I looking for ? He 's an old partner of mine from back in the day . We used to produce parties and stuff together , you know , trying to out-puff Puffy . What 's his name ? Byron Middlebrook . Calls himself " B. Slick . " I need B. Slick 's address , and I need your gun . Stevie ? It 's him . Are you okay , partner ? Yes . Are you sure ? Stevie ... I 'm sorry . There 's no need to apologize . Is he going to get me , too ? Stevie , he is never going to hurt you again . Okay ? All right . That 's Detective Salas . You 're going to go with her and get cleaned up , and I 'll talk to you later . - Okay . - All right He can make an ID ? Yes , but I 'd like to keep it between you and I for the time being , if you don 't mind . Okay ? - All right . - I 'll be back partner . Hey . - The boat thief ? - Vanilla Ice ? Threatened to throw his ass in a holding tank with real gangsters . He folded like it was laundry day . - Where 'd he get the boat ? - Virginia Key . Delko and I are headed over there right now . How ' bout you ? I am going to go get the shooter . - Sous-titre non traduit - Byron Middlebrook . You are under arrest , my friend . You got the wrong guy , man . That 's not what your ex-partner Deuce Deuce says . Why you believe what he 's sayin ' ? Because he 's the one that 's talking . Horatio , I caught your case . Byron Middlebrook , a. k.a. " B. Slick , " is going in propria persona . He 's defending himself ? Yeah . I 'd say he has a fool for a client , except for the fact that he spent three years behind bars . In the law library , right , Don ? Well , he knows enough to ask for arraignment , prelim and bail all in one hearing . So the clock is ticking . Whether we have our evidence ready or not . Don , my witness will be there . Mr. De Labeque , can you identify the man who shot at Jennifer Valdez ? Is he in the courtroom ? Yes , he is . He 's right there . Let the record reflect that the witness identified the defendant , Byron Middlebrook . No further questions . Cross ? Thank you , Your Honor . Mr. Middlebrook , I caution you one more time against defending yourself . Are you sure you want to continue without an attorney ? Judge ... I done spent more time in courtrooms than this here legal secretary you assigned to baby - sit me . I 'm an attorney with the Public Defender 's Office . Ms. Reynoso is not baby-sitting . She is assisting you in court procedure . That 's all good , Judge . So , uh , procedurally , I got no questions for this ... witness ... today . If there 's no affirmative defense , I 'm holding you to answer for the murder count . Bail is set at $ 500,000 . The defendant will post said bail forthwith . The witness may step down . Hey , fool , I 'll see your sorry ass at trial . You see me right now . Punk , what you wanna do ? You talkin ' all that smack . Mr. De Labeque , take a seat outside in the hall . You need to control your witness . Yeah , you need to control your punk-ass snitch . - Man , I got your ... - Mr. De Labeque . Bailiff , take the witness into custody . I 'm holding you in contempt . Three days in County lockup . Dennis , you need to stay calm now . Okay ? Man , this is bogus . You 're locking me up and letting the killer go . I will not have any more violence in my courtroom . Are we clear ? Crystal , Your Honor . Kid makes a point . Our witness is behind bars , and the defendant posts bail and goes back out on the street . Not for long . I want to believe you , Horatio . Just get me the evidence . Coming up . GSR on our defendant 's shirt . He was in close proximity to a recently - fired weapon . But it doesn 't prove he 's our shooter . Not in a court of law . Neither does the gun that I recovered . Superglued it . No prints . Yes , but you found it at the bottom of the bay , so that is not surprising . Expended rounds , please ? I recovered a dozen nine-millimeters , including one with Jenny Valdez 's blood on it . I 'm going to put it all in the report Take your time . No report , no discovery for our Pro Per . We can play Middlebrook 's game . He has moved for a motion to suppress . - What ? - Yep . We haven 't even finished processing . What 's he going to suppress ? Evidence from the boat . - It 's a stall tactic . - Yes , but it 's within the letter of the law . We 'd better cover our bases . Legal defense for Byron Middlebrook . Who 's in charge ? - I 'm CSI Duquesne . Can I help you , Mr. Middlebrook ? - Yeah . I got a court order here , says I can peep my evidence . This court order only gives you the right to look at the crime scene reports and the photographs . No , no , no , baby . Pictures is bunk - I want to see y 'all bullets , the casings , the gun , dead girl 's property , everything . Sir , you have no right to come into this lab . Law says as a Pro Per defendant , I can inspect this facility . The law says that you can hire a court-certified expert to examine the evidence and the procedure in the lab . Who 's the best one ? Give me some names , Britney . Look , your legal aide can help you out with that . In the meantime you need to leave . Apparently , all y 'all are not hearing me . No , I 'm hearing you just fine . Okay , then just get out of my way , Jack . Allow me to exercise my rights . Oh ! Oh-ho , whoo ! Now you done did it . You messed up . You just assaulted an officer of the court . You know what , Mr. Middlebrook ? We will be happy to forward all of the appropriate legal documentation through the right channels , and you have every right to use your power of subpoena . Power of subpoena , a 'ight . I 'm going to play your little game . I 'll get with you . You undermined me . What ? You made it look like I couldn 't stand my ground . Well , I thought you could use a little help . I know , but I had it under control . From my point of view , it looked like he was going to run a blitz on you . I - I 'm sorry that I tried to help . So am I. - Hi . - Hi . Thought you 'd want to know I got a hold of Stevie 's aunt . She 's driving here from Oregon . I didn 't mention to her he 'll have to stick around to testify at trial . We already have a witness . There is strength in numbers . This kid had a physiological reaction to Middlebrook 's picture , and now you 're going to put him in court with the man ? The boy saw the killer . Yes . He also saw his mother get killed , too . I know you want to protect him . We may not have a choice , Horatio . States attorney 's going to want to see both eyewitnesses up there . Not if there 's one name in the report . The consol was too dark to see it with the naked eye . Blood ? Yeah that 's a high-velocity spatter from a bullet hit . Our defendant didn 't have a mark on him . No , and we haven 't located the driver of the boat , have we ? - We may have a second victim . - And our witness may have just become a murderer . Yo , man , I told you . I didn 't shoot nobody at my party . You 've already admitted to returning fire . Maybe it was you who shot the driver . Hold up , man , all I know is that I saw that punk Slick letting off at my house . Besides , I 'd know if I shot somebody . You see , the problem is that the blood in the boat tells me a different story . This ain 't right , man . So , you mean to tell me Slick lets off on my house , and he 's on the street . Meanwhile , I fire two shots in self-defense , hit the vehicle , and I 'm the one locked up ? - You fired two shots ? - Yeah , man-double tap . Hit the boat both times . It 's the truth , man . He jumped off on me . Okay . I 'm going to take a look into that . But if I find out that you 're lying to me , B. Slick is going to be the least of your problems . - Good news ? - The eyewitness checks out . - How can I help you ? - Other way around , actually . I heard about your pro per . He 's going to have your lab under a microscope . - Worse than IAB ? - Exactly my point . I thought I would drop by , offer any help I can in dealing with unorthodox scrutiny . - I think we 're going to be okay , Rick . - Yelina said you 'd say that . - She could have saved you the trip . - It 's not a problem . - My door 's always open . - Appreciate that . - Horatio . - We got a problem . What happened ? Court line officers put him in here for transport . Suspect was already inside . - Witnesses ? - Four other inmates , a whole slew of custody personnel . Said the killer could 've cared less who saw him . This guy is too yoked up for County . He 's a lifer . He 's a three-striker from State Pen . Transferred from Rayford this afternoon . Brought down here to testify in the Middlebrook case , right ? As a character witness . Middlebrook brought him down here to hit our guy . De Labecque ... knew eventually they 'd run into each other . But at least we 've still got the boy . Listen to me . I am not going to put this kid in further danger . Yeah , well , even if you don 't , Middlebrook 's got a long reach . So do I. Yelina , I was hoping that Stevie could stay with you . How long ? Just a day or two . Till his aunt gets here . Because Middlebrook would look for him at your place , and you don 't want to dump him in the system . I know it 's a lot to ask . That 's why it 's called a favor . Thank you . How 's he doing ? He says he can 't remember what his mother 's voice sounds like . - I don 't believe this . - What 's up ? I told this guy what do to do , and he did it . A subpoena ? My pro per 's putting me on the stand . He 's some sort of legal Neanderthal , He thinks he 's Johnny Cochran . It 's harassment . He 's trying to throw you off your game . - When are you on call ? - I 'm not ; it 's a " be there " subpoena . - What should I do ? - Be there ? You contend that this bullet was recovered from that house ? The southwest-facing wall . And you contend that those red marks on that there bullet are blood ? I 'm not contending anything . DNA indicates a match . This is the bullet that killed Jennifer Valdez . What about this gun ? I want to know specifically where you recovered this gun from . I cannot testify to that . I did not recover that gun . But you 're an expert on firearms . You 're sitting here today trying to put this gun in my hands . I am not trying to do anything . The evidence will speak for itself . Mr. Middlebrook , get to your point , and stop wasting the court 's time . You run a tight ship , Judge . So ... were there any marks on that bullet ? Markings indicate the bullet was a six right . Looks messed up . You could tell all that from this ? The projectile was damaged , but it wasn 't messed up . - You mean " mutilated . " - Misshapen . But there were enough characteristics to determine that 's a six right nine-millimeter . Six right . According to the FBI 's manual on general rifling characteristics , ain 't that the most common rifling used in a firearm ? Yes , but this particular bullet is consistent with the firearm recovered in this case . " Consistent . " But can you match this bullet with this gun ? Not at present . I 'm done with her , Judge . Hey , did you use small-particle reagent on Middlebrook 's weapon ? Yeah , and I got zero prints . - What about Sudan black ? - Did it . Nothing . - Gentian violet ? - I tried them all , Calleigh , and there are no prints on that gun . If I didn 't know better , I 'd think you were trying to undermine me . Oh ... I 'm sorry . I probably played right into Middlebrook 's hand by squabbling with you like that . It 's okay , we 're cool . You know , I admire you . This case is falling apart , and you are staying right on keel . It 's because I just found something interesting . - Fingerprints ? - Four digits . I pulled these off of the boat . They 're interrupted . That 's not the interesting part . Try a look through the loupe . There 's foreign residue . I can barely see it . I 've still got to test it . Blood . Wiped away part of that print . Whose print ? Is it Byron Middlebrook 's ? Nope . But it 's probably the person who helped him clean up his mess . Bob Davenport ... " Eminem . " Bob , you 're a smart guy . Take a look at that . What 's up with this ? What 's up with that is that it 's your handprint on the boat with a blood smear over it . - So ? - So , that means you were there first , Bob , then the bleeder . And since we know someone got shot on the boat ... Hey , man , when I found that boat , that body was already there . - Whose body ? - I don 't know , man . I kind of freaked out . What you want me to do ? I took the boat , dead homie and all . What 'd you do with the body ? I gave him the slip . Look , man , that 's how it went down . I 'm telling you the truth . would be the first time you told me the truth since I met you . Look , man , homeboy is probably still out there . It 's Rum Point , this side of Catcher 's Marina . Why don 't you go look for yourself ? I got a better idea . You 're going to show me . - Nothing , Frank . - That 's it . Hold on , dude . I swear on my mama , man , this is exactly where I dumped homeboy . Listen , you little cracker , I 've about had it with your minstrel act . Frank , take it easy . He could be telling the truth . Bottom 's all damaged . Coral 's broken up . Where you going with this ? They attach these metal chains called " ticklers " to the bottom of their nets . They drag them along , scare up the shrimp . I thought this area was off limits to shrimpers . Doesn 't mean they don 't do it . All right . I 'll call Fish and Game , get a list of their favorite poachers . Illegal trawling ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Well , according to Florida Fish and Game Captain Pine , your outfit 's the worst offender in the marina . Four citations in six months ? Yeah , Fish and Game got it in for me . We need to see your catch , please . So , you don 't trawl in the no-fishing zones ? That 's right . Then how do you explain this ? It 's black coral , a protected species . You know , last year , it was a sea snail . They keep on shrinking the areas we can shrimp . Law 's the law , sir . Yeah , I still got to make a living , though . Hey , Jacques Cousteau , why don 't you open this other net here ? God . Well , Captain , looks like you just went over your limit . Our floater is one Wesley Simmons . He 's a known associate of Byron Middlebrook . Three GSWs to the upper torso ... back to front . All through-and-throughs . Bled out internally . But Dennis De Labeque 's weapon only discharged twice . I confirmed that . Maybe there was another shooter , someone else at the party ? I got your page . What 's up ? I need you and Eric to string the boat . Sure . What are we looking for ? Well , I don 't want to bias you , all right ? Ooh , I love a mystery . Horatio , look what Mr. Pro Per just hung on me . Motion for sanctions . Sanctions ? Middlebrook 's claiming we held back information concerning our eyewitnesses . Now , he wins this , Judge could toss our evidence , maybe even dismiss the whole damn case . " Eyewitnesses . " Yeah . Frank , you sanitized these reports , right , and deleted any reference to Stevie Valdez , didn 't you ? Blacked out every line by hand . Me and Yelina both . Why ? He 's written " eyewitnesses " in his motion . He knows about the kid . This is Horatio Caine . I need 315s , 1805 Palmfrond . Detective Salas ' residence . Copy that ! Get him ! Get him ! I - I don 't ... I don 't know what to say other than I 'm sorry that I put you and Ray Jr. in the middle of this . Thank you for your call . We were , uh , able to take cover . Okay , well , that 's good . There 's ... there 's obviously a leak here , and I 'm going to move Stevie to another location with round - the-clock security , okay ? I think that 's good . If you don 't mind , I 'm going to just ... I 'm going to stay put , stay out here tonight , uh , in case Ray Jr. wants to ... Um , no . No , that 's ... It 's fine . It 's okay . We 're , um ... We 're going to be fine . No , I get it . Horatio ... Okay , uh ... so I ... okay . - Yes . - All right . Good night . Yep . - Horatio . - Yes , sir ? - Found our leak . - Surprise me . So we 're clear , you 're the , uh , legal aide to Byron Middlebrook ? I work with the Public Defender 's Office , Judge appointed me to the case . You make it a habit of giving sensitive police information to all your clients ? Pertinent information . According to the visitors ' log , you were in MDPD yesterday . It 's just for a day or two , until his aunt gets in town . Because Middlebrook would look for him at your place . I know it 's a lot to ask . That 's why it 's called a favor . I informed my client of a potential eyewitness . I won 't apologize for that . The eyewitness is a boy who was almost killed , in a drive - by . Two guesses who arranged it . I can 't be responsible for what a client might arrange . Is that how you sleep at night , Monica ? Hey , I was just doing my job . Well , we 're going to do everything in our power to get you disbarred . What do you think about that ? Are you guys serious ? We 're just doing our jobs , Monica . You can relate to that . Judge wants us back at court at 10 : 00 . Sanction hearing . I suppose you teed this up for Middlebrook , too , huh ? Calleigh , get me everything you have on this case , please. it 's about to go south . All rise . People vs. Byron Middlebrook . Honorable Judge Veracruz presiding . The court is hereby in session . Upon further review , I believe Mr. Middlebrook 's motion for sanctions has merit . The People withheld the existence of a material eyewitness . Prudent , in that we believe he arranged the murder of our first eyewitness in his jail cell . Man , I didn 't arrange nothing . You defaming my character . Mr. Middlebrook , this is a court of law . Please keep your comments to yourself . And let me say that I am disappointed with the conduct of the prosecution in this matter . I certainly hope that this will be the last time that such actions are perpetrated by the State attorney 's office . Withholding key evidence is a grave matter regardless of the motivation behind it . And so , based on the information before me , I 'm going to grant the defendant 's motion and exclude the eyewitness , a Steven Valdez ... although something tells me that that will please both the defense and the prosecution . So , Wesley Simmons was driving the boat when he got shot , right ? H found the blood on the console . And Alexx said he was shot three times back to front , left to right . The trajectory 's inconsistent . There is no way that he could 've been shot from the shore . That 's what Horatio was talking about . You drive . I 'll write the report . Are the People able to proceed with their case against Byron Middlebrook in the shooting death of Jennifer Valdez ? No , Your Honor , the People are not . Then I have no choice but to dismiss this case without prejudice . Court is in recess . Here we go . Thank you . Thank you , ma 'am . Uh , Your Honor , could we have a moment ? Ain 't you gonna congratulate me ? On the contrary , Byron . - Hook him up , Frank . - Gladly . You better get this cowboy off of me . Mr. Haffman , would you like to , uh , enlighten the court ? Yes , Your Honor , we 're filing a new case against Mr. Middlebrook for the murder of Wesley Simmons . Like hell . This is harassment . Who is Wesley Simmons ? - His crime partner . - And the driver of the boat . We can prove that Wesley Simmons was shot by you from inside the boat . That 's ridiculous , Judge . Why would I shoot the dude that 's driving ? It 's called tunnel vision , my friend . Too bad he ain 't around to testify . Here 's the beautiful part , Byron . He doesn 't have to be . You got nothing . That 's not true , either . Take a look at this . I have his blood on your shirt . It 's called high-velocity spatter . Proves you shot him . Judge , what 's my bail ? Your case is no longer before this court , Mr. Middlebrook . There is no bail . You 're under arrest , Slick . Byron , have a nice stay . Come on ... The policeman said you got the guy who hurt my mom . We did . We got him . I keep on trying to remember her voice . Well , you know , partner , it 'll come back to you . All the good things about your mom are going to come back to you . I ... I have something for you . This belongs to you now . You don 't have to wait with me . Stevie ... there 's no other place I 'd rather be .
