 National Emerald Mine Entry is prohibited Time your watches precisely We have five minutes to do the job , let 's go Let 's go Quiet The safe ! Forward ! Take cover , go ! Hurry ! Let 's go ! We 'll separate here , head to the jungle . We 'll meet at the hideout Run Come in - Here 's the rock - Good job , Alicia I see everything went well - How much will they pay for it ? - We 'll know soon , our agent Dr. Igor will decide who will pick it up - We can 't wait long - I promised you 10,000 pesos , and here they are - Plus our expenses - Of course Tomorrow we 'll have the rest of the money and we 'll talk more about these matters , depending on how you behave Tell them to go Alicia , you 're a professional wrestler and in a fight it 's either win or lose Your father is under my control and you were lucky to find the emerald Then what should I do ? You 'll pick up the money in an out of the way street in the city to avoid suspicion I 'll call you before your match Santo Faces Death * Spectacular Assault and Theft of an Emerald * Yes yes , agreed , * With a Value of 150,000 Dollars * by any means at my disposal And tell us Major Fernandez , having worked with international agencies before , can you give us some special information on our current case ? I can 't tell you anything about the identity of the attackers but we mustn 't discard the idea that foreign elements were involved And besides all the borders and airports are being watched Alright , that 's all gentlemen I 'll let you know once we know something - Yes sir - Alright , I 'll see you soon Let 's go We 'll have good news soon They finally left You should be at the airport within an hour , there 's an important person recommended by Interpol coming who will be collaborating with us Yes , I know . I 'll lodge Santo at the President Hotel and I 'll keep you informed So long Miss Just a moment please . Santo ? - Yes ? I 'm Victor Valle , lieutenant of the local police It 's a pleasure I saw you greet that woman that was on the plane with you , her presence seems suspicious Don 't worry , she was just a fellow traveler My dear , you 've finally arrived - Dr. Igor ? - Precisely , we were starting to worry I suppose everything is ready , right ? All ready Please , make way , make way please It 's impossible to get a clean hit with so many people Don 't worry , we 'll have a better opportunity soon Get us a drink , doll Please people , please Please people , let us through Will you take me out to dinner tonight ? We 'll go to the wrestling match first You think that 'll be a good spot , boss ? Calm down , we 'll have our chance soon ... who wants to take possession of the stone at all costs , but it 's well guarded That ... would be very dangerous for her I have to go back to New York as soon as possible , taking the stone with me But I won 't wait forever to see if you can get the money Don 't forget that the Great Stranger never fails When will the money be ready ? I think tomorrow boss , but first we have to figure out how to drop it off I 'll take care of it , Lina herself will give it to the Great Stranger 's people Everything is going according to plan Even Santo 's involvement ? Even that No one expected Santo 's presence , though to be honest we didn 't get the word either We must proceed with great caution and be ready to intervene at any moment Yes , yes Major Agreed , I 'll keep you informed - Good evening , wou - - No I assure you Santo won 't bother us again I hope not We 've finally managed to finish him off Hello I 'm sorry to say that I have bad news . I failed again - Good evening , sir - Good evening , Lieutenant Excuse me Careful , the dancer is a police informant Lieutenant Valle , what a surprise Is this yours by any chance , Miss ? Thank you , Lieutenant Would you like to sit ? No Doctor , thank you but I 'm working Just routine stuff We would have liked to thank you for your attentiveness , but it will just have to wait for another day Goodnight Gentlemen That lad is one of the best agents the local police has Why did you invite him chief , it 's dangerous That 's why I did it , so he wouldn 't suspect anything and would leave Doctor , can we leave ? I 'm tired from the trip I understand I told you that woman on the plane was suspicious Santo She was having dinner last night at the Little Shelf club with Dr. Igor We should follow them Dr. Igor is wrapped up in this somehow He 's a European that came here a few years ago He 's marked by Interpol You go over there and I 'll head this way , agreed ? It 'd be best if we separate here , he could suspect There she goes . Follow her and keep her in your sights , I 'll take care of the Doctor Alright - Everything 's well Doctor - Magnificent I 'm sure she switched the bag Let 's follow them carefully , it looks like they 've realized we 're on to them - Six , hurry ! - Hey , your change That way Santo , you go in through the back A ticket please , hurry Let 's go Let 's go , hurry Tickets please Just a moment , open up , open up ! What luck , they nearly caught us I don 't want to see that man again We 'll be better off in the hideout Of course This takes a long time We 're here We still have a little bit to go So we do We 're going up so slowly Hurry I didn 't like that the man in the mask followed us We probably lost him We have to be more careful What could have happened to the man in the mask ? It 's Santo , let 's go ! - Who 's there ? - Here I am boys Let 's run ! They 're getting away We 're too late Forgive me , next time I won 't fail You better not fail for your own good . Santo 's presence worries me I know , we should take the emerald . By following the Doctor we can find it Well now , you finally start using your brain I think we only have to wait boss Shall we go dear ? Yes , let 's go As the administrator of the emerald mine , you know that someone very familiar with the mines must have been involved , probably someone close to you Are you sure none of the attackers weren 't people you knew ? I 'm sure Lieutenant , please show him the box that the attackers used I know them - Are these the ones - They are Are you sure ? You have no doubts ? Of course not Tell me , do you know him ? Yes , I know him He 's Mr. Adolfo Schultz , the old mine administrator And do you know where he is ? He disappeared a long time ago , maybe he died I think that 's enough Thank you for everything , we 'll be calling you soon Lieutenant , accompany the gentleman Mr. Diaz , if you please Major , the box , Dr. Igor and that mysterious woman present a very interesting clue At least we know we 're on the attackers trail They 're undoubtedly allied with international gangsters through that woman Yes Here you go . I won 't stand for failure I 'll see you tonight at the Little Shelf club Mario is here Hello Let 's go , break it up , break it up Break it up , let him go , break it up Break it up , break it up We 'll have to finish him off for good 1 , 2 , 3 , out ! Winner : Santo ! - We 've had a great breakthrough - Hopefully . Why ? I 've found out where the gang meets The dancer asked to meet me tonight , let 's see what she has to say That girl has really done good work , let 's go I 'll go the Little Shelf club tonight alone I agree that it 's a bad idea that we be seen together but it 's dangerous to go by yourself Don 't worry , nothing will happened In any case , I 'll be watching Alright Its Santo We have to keep her from talking to him I need to talk to you . I 'll be waiting in my dressing room . Agent X 25 Good evening , my fellow traveler . You see I have a good memory It 's a pleasure to see you again - Please - Thank you - How has your visit here been ? - It 's been good I 'm surprised to find you alone A moment , who is it ? Santo Come in I have something very important to tell you Excuse me , the dancer 's dressing room ? Yes sir , this way Santo , can you explain this ? I found a man who was wearing my mask , that is one similar We fought and then he escaped Santo was with her , I let him pass myself Officer , leave a man guarding the body Santo , come with me to the station Let 's go Goodbye It 's your mission We know you want the Southern Cross one way or another but to discuss it 's price you must get in touch with our liaison , he 'll let you know We 'll do it We 'll pay in cash once we have it Yes , naturally . Goodbye You heard it dear , these people are prepared to pay in cash as soon as the stone is delivered - I wouldn 't trust anyone - Neither would I As you might imagine , I 've already taken the necessary measures just in case You 're a genius Let her go , that 's a foul ! Let her go ! What are we doing here ? I was told to meet them here The winner of this match , the great Alicia ! Thank you , thank you Come up and see me to make the deal . A. Second match of the night The Bad Girl against the Nurse Wait for a moment May I ? - I was waiting for you - Oh really ? Let 's talk business Why such a rush ? What do you want ? It looks like you like wrestling both inside and outside the ring Are you going to leave or do you want me to throw you out ? I 'm not afraid of you You 'll pay for this Hold it , calm down Attention , the winner of this match is the Bad Girl Yes ? This is him You 'll be wanting to know who 's calling but it isn 't possible to tell you I just wanted to let you know that Mario and his people want to steal the emerald when they hand over the money they agreed to pay How did you find out what you 're telling me ? They might attack the place where you 're having it cut They 're determined to have the emerald no matter what the cost - What emerald ? - You know what I mean I don 't know what you 're talking about I just wanted to let you know Why don 't you come see me ? I 'll go personally Alright Until we see one another I don 't even know who you are She better come Put me through to Santo at the President Hotel please Hello ? Listen well Mario and his gang plan to attack the place where Igor and his men are cutting the stolen emerald What you 're saying can be very dangerous for you Listen ! Listen ! Get the plane ready , we 're leaving immediately for hideout number 2 Looks like Mario and his men want to pull a fast one , let 's go Put me through to the police station They won 't be expecting this Let 's go We won 't be long Here he comes Vino - Can I have a smoke ? - Yes , of course Hello Show me the emerald Go on Good job Schultz Every job has its price and whoever does it should be paid , even dirty traitors like you Igor , I know my daughter was involved in this , without her no one could have acquired the Southern Cross Your daughter is the same as you , scum but you know I only obey the Great Stranger He will tell us what to do with those that betray us What you think doesn 't matter Call hideout number one Calling number one Number one here , go on number two The traitors need to have an interview with the Great Stranger , naturally accompanied by the buyers and the money over You call my daughter a traitor you cad ? ! Make sure he doesn 't do anything Don 't try anything funny , Schultz You 'll pay for this Igor , you 'll pay Boss , someone hit me Number two calling number one , Number two calling number one , over Number one here , over Have a plane pick me up and don 't forget the thing with the traitor We 'll be sure she 's with the buyers tomorrow , over Someone from Mario 's gang has just discovered us , out Schultz , you 'll see tomorrow what the Great Stranger does to those that get in his way It just takes a word from me Tomorrow you 'll find out Santo , it 's incredible what you 're saying Igor isn 't the boss , he always mentions a Great Stranger but I don 't know his identity Then we 're facing a dangerous and well organized smuggling gang of great scale , isn 't that so ? They 're involved in any sort of illicit business that would make them money Yes , there are Mafia organizations in all parts of the world , they 're very well organized We 'll hunt them all down even though they had an easy time operating in South America Be ready because we have two gangs fighting among themselves , we mustn 't waste time Gentlemen , we must proceed quickly We 've located the place But we still don 't have all the details about what they 're planning We 'll keep watch until they all arrive - Good luck - Thank you Dangerous Gangster Dies In Mysterious Circumstances Falls from roof of the Hotel Principe After trying to assassinate Santo Did you bring the money ? I see you 've done what you promised , now you 'll see the Southern Cross Bring the emerald It 's value is incalculable It 's cost many lives , right Alicia ? Grab him ! Hold it I have a surprise in store for those that overstep their bounds Take him away ! Will you keep your word ? When will you release my father ? Soon , very soon When you 're ready This is what we do to those that think they 're smarter than they are Prepare yourself Now ! Lieutenant , let 's hurry if we want to arrive on time Let 's go You called Dr. Igor , didn 't you ? You betrayed Mario because he was kissing Alicia , right ? I didn 't call Dr. Igor , Alicia betrayed us She called Santo and told him everything So the traitor is Dr. Igor ? He 's the one who sold us out ? Well , you 're about to see him so you can uncover him It can 't be , you 're the Stranger ? You can 't be the same person , it 's not true ! Mario , Mario ! Everything 's ready Doctor Will you do what was promised now ? Yes , I 'll do it right now Mario So you want to see Mario huh ? Don 't worry , you will You can be sure of that , but it won 't be here The police Hold your fire . Move forward and be careful Give me that gun C 'mon , move , move - Relax - Thank God Head home My father , my father , save him Santo ! It 's useless to run Doctor we know everything , Finish him off This is Dr. Igor speaking This is Dr. Igor speaking Hideout number 2 hears you , Hideout number 2 hears you , go on Doctor Be prepared for my arrival , let me know if anything is happening in the area Hideout number 1 has been destroyed for security reasons , over Understood . Transmit orders , over I 'll give you instructions on what you must do Prepare the treasure for my arrival , follow all the orders I 'll give you later , over We 'll await instructions , nothing occurring here , everything is fine , over Agreed number 2 , over and out There 's no time to waste Hurry Major , before they escape We have to be ready for the madmen to resist Proceed with plan K3UW , repeat , plan K3UW , it 's an emergency Have the parachuters dropped to the thieves ' hideout ? I 'll ask Captain , call base See if the plane with the unit has flown out It looks like Dr. Igor has diabolical plans Plane 891 calling base , we need information This is base , everything is well , sir - Everything 's ready - Magnificent We must be catching up to the plane , let 's check How far are we from the plane , Captain ? We should be catching up in 10 minutes or so We know it 's about 40 km ahead of us Thank you Captain Let 's go , let 's go , hurry Hurry up , hurry up , go ! Hideout two to Doctor , Hideout two to Doctor , over We have to fight or we die , understand ? I 'll be there in a few minutes I don 't know what they 're thinking . It looks like those fools want to fight Parachuters are coming down on us Our people are nervous , when will you be here Doctor , over Remember , fight or die , but die fighting , understood ? Out Hold it , hold it There they are Listen Land next to the river , you know the place But didn 't you say to head straight to the hideout ? That 's where we were going Obey , and quickly Don 't worry , the place is too small for them to land You know we won 't be able to land in that place You keep going to the hideout , I 'll parachute down That 'd be best Let 's go Send a helicopter to pick up Santo from the river There 's the boat Land here , hurry ! We 're in luck We 'll follow the river Be careful girl Get on , hurry ! Don 't bother Enchanted Captain Bison , your services will be rewarded handsomely Thank you Head forward full steam Where are you heading ? To the first port in Brazil Very well How are you doing ? Tired Dear , we 'll soon be rich Because of the emeralds ? And the money in New York , no one will know where we went A helicopter Wait Damned Santo , you think you 're so clever Help ! Help ! Do you think the Doctor will survive ? - No , there 's many crocodiles around here - Shame he has the stone If you can 't prove your innocence I 'll have to arrest you I simply did what the organization forced me to do You must understand this is my duty and that crime must be punished I won 't hold it against you I 'm glad you understand Go on , get the boat closer Welcome to land Chin up , Lina Yes , Dr. Igor was lost and Lina died too Sadly they fell in to the river , and since the waters are infested with crocodiles ... I hope you follow the straight and narrow Well , this is where we say goodbye I wish you luck Thank you Goodbye Major ? I have the stone Yes , and the last of the thieves Yes Tell Lieutenant Valle that the lady from the plane wasn 't so dangerous Goodbye Do you have something to declare ? Something to - I don 't have anything , just some personal effects Very well , you can pass A moment Lina I was wrong about you No , I was the one who was mistaken Come Take the lady away The End
