 If we gave a shape to all feelings , an expression to thought , a truth to each dream , the universe would enjoy such a leap of joy that we would forget all our incapacity and would come back in an ideal kingdom of beauty . We are punished for our refusal to ourself . Every leap that we choke rot in our soul , intoxicating us . In resisting , the spirit gets sick wanting what 's forbidden , to desire what those monstruous laws made monstruous or illegal . someone said the great world event went on in spirit . But also in spirit the worst sins of the world are committed . July 32 Bruno ... it 's time . to tell the truth , it 's me who doesn 't want it . we are married for a few years now . Children , this ain 't no joke . think that I like going to work ? yes , my wife think like me . Please . See you later . No . No , politics dont interest me . Not at all . What do you want me to say ? I think , that those things are dirty , corruption . if you really want to know , ask somebody else . Now , I must go . Sorry . Bye . What do you want from me ? I know nothing of this girl . I am only some random employee . Me ? You think that I enjoy this ? Some coworkers like it , but ... I am not like them . I only do it for the money . Only for it . Did my work . That 's all . That 's all ! That 's all ! Remember yesterday ? No . Is it ready ? Everything is in the kitchen . You have eaten already ? You have eaten already ? There is the festival . July 32 Get up , Bruno . coffee is ready . Sure , my wife and I celebrate Chistmas . Yes , usually , we go to her parents . Well , trading gifts spend the afternoon ... together . Sure , we go to Mass . We never know . Please . Bye . Antifex ! Madam , what are you waiting for to try the new discovery in birth control pills ? Antifex , total conffidence . My girl , Antifex is an approved product . - Why are you hitting me ? - Are you joking ? Who do you think I am ? I don 't hit no one . - What are you doing ? - I want it . Let it go , I 'm tired . - Yes , come on ... - NO ... Not tonight . Got to wake up early , tomorow . OK , for saturday night ? July 32 At the office , work is quite interesting . I take care of hiring , you see ? In fact , I choose the candidates , I choose the most skillful for this kind of work . Not easy , believe me . Sending data to the competent office who decide what to do . It 's a job like yours . We study people . Let me do it , I must go to work . Don 't judge me based on appearances , I tought it was office work . They called me . There was a distinguished man . how could I have imagined ? Yes , I should have understood . He was ... I dont know ... weird , there it is . He was hesitating telling me what I must do for the enterprise . Then ... he told me . So you don 't want to go to bed with important clients . What could I have done ? The salary was good . I accepted . But I 'm not one . I do it ... I do it for the good of the enterprise . FILM Say ... - Thanks for the place . - Get in , I 'll take you back . sorry if I was little harsh , at the office . Hope you understand there is nothing immoral in your hostess work . It 's essential in a modern enterprise . Work of responsibility . You would sleep with me ? You 're joking ? I would never cheat on my wife . Come up , have a drink . My father would be pleased to know you . Alright . Juste one minute . Can 't stay . Coffee , please . At this time , I reduce to ashes a way of living exactly like this way of living is being swept by fire in many corners of the earth . Sorry if I talk like a politician . After all , I am an ex MP . - From where ? - Not important . I was honnest , in return only got enemies . Life is only made of a few things really honnst and noble . Science went faster than Man . The man got tired in a mechanical desert . In putting value in the less valuable . In valuing machines instead of the way to use them . You are young . I will repeat that to you everyday . Until you get it once and for all . You called your wife to say sorry and discovered that you just got out of your place . Hello , life ? May I speak to Bruno Salviero , marketing study office . Office 34 , yes . - Who 's on the phone ? - Salviero . What do you want ? Who 's on the phone ? Sorry , it 's a mistake . ( Gasp ) During a long Autumn day , you have walked , alone , in a part of the city you did not know . Until you got where the world ends and dreams start . Tell me , what day are we ? We are the 19th of July . Cant imagine a softer scene . The news that you just learned makes her melancholic , but nothing can trouble the deep serenity the magical beauty of this scenery . If you would be less lovely , I would really be scared of you . Since you are as you are and we are both in the infinite time so young , I think I got to know you 12 years ago already having a right to your friendship . I was wondering if you feel for me the same weird attraction I feel for you . Never had friends . I just found one . I 'd like to tell you a story . Mine . Isabell , a dream . Once upon a time living amongst star petals there was a chimera . one day she decided to descend to Earth and started to walk along a train track . Like that I came across her . I saw her fuzzy , hazy , but enough to give taste to life and illuminate it . She spoke to me of the world she was from . beautiful cruel world of dreams . Of hopes . Chimeras of the universe . A smile closed my eyes ! and sigh I was there . Everything was confused . Like ... a whirlwind . Strange , incomprehensible . Fascinating . And then ... saw Earth , without men . Women 's Earth alone dominating . Just a few males still hiding ... in the woods . Then , chimera spun around ... around ... around ... around ... Isabell ! She 's gone . Now , the world , seems iced , unreal . Almost hostile . Isabell stole life 's colour . she draped herself in it . I only see dark and opaque . But I must keep on living , sooner or later , she will be back . End Now , I am a shadow amongst shadow . FOR US There is a smell of time in the air , here , tonight . Weird thought , ain 't it ? What 's the smell of this time ? Of dust , of watches ... always ... and people . NEVER HOW FOR What 's time 's sound ? Barbary organ moaning in the dark or the sight of people sitting waiting for the night . JOY TIMES What appearance does time have ? Like snow time falls without noise , in a dark forest . Lower and lower ... DEAD ... into nothingness . You here ? Was not expecting it . Sorry , you are nothing but a spirit in a mechanical envelope . You are all robots , you , your wife , your colleagues . Everybody . No , not really all . We are not all alike . Me , I chose . I chose to be a robot . you see , I ... was ugly , old , I was close to 60 . Life gave up on me . and when the lord of the universe , the one that rules , gave me the chance relive like my beautiful young daughter , I seized the chance . Seized it , even with all inconvenience , even if I know this world is leading to its dissolution . In a lapse of time too short to be isolated . Space turned and turned on itself . Empty night never end . My god filled with stars I the man from Mars . Mars ? Here it 's Earth . I know . I see the dying sun ruins of city . Ruins ? - Dying sun ? - Yes . Charred corpses in the rooms , the houses , the streets . It 's ridiculous . Nobody is dead , nothing happened . There is little , I ... My friend , you planet was ravaged . but you did not understand it . You must have fled right at the moment the disaster took place . What do you mean ? A minute ago , I was in a cave filled with people . Suddenly , here I am , seaside , with the wave dying on the beach . Don 't you see ? There is no sea . Water dried up . Sand crystallized . The city doesn 't exist . Everything destroyed . Destroyed ? Over there ... I see the city 's profile . You are blind , friend of mine . I don 't know ... I don 't believe . All this , might mean only one thing . Thing relative to time . Yes . Thing of the past . From the past , me ? My heart is beating . My stomach is thirsty . Not possible . Really want to see the future ? Who wants it ? We can meditate on the past , but to think of the future ... that 's why you dont see the crumbled homes , roads swept , cities erased . We will never understand each other . Yet certain things are clear , if we want to see . There are in front of our eyes . You must see it as much as I see it . The dying sun , rarified air . - But the sea ? - You are blind . Our roads have crossed for too long . Now , my destiny melted with the one of another creature . She is waiting . Why have you brought me here ? Where am I ? I ... wanted her . YOU ... You ... - Tell me , you are ... - Yes ? I am the calculator D 10 . you are , D 10 ? I 'm an electronic calculator at humanity 's service . For 50 years , man put me in charge of them . Individually and collectively . oN my shoulders rest all the world 's problems . Can you multitask simultaneously , D 10 ? While I speak to you , execute billions of other tasks . I control the autopilot of a plane in flight . I speak to others . I do an infinity of other tasks . Really good , D 10 . Now , explain to me why you called me . I wanted data . Which ones ? You lead the world You must know it all , you are infallible . I can 't be infaillible . because I was programmed by low quality humans . Whatever . Now , I want to know ... where is he hiding ? Where is hiding ... who ? God . Why do you want to find God ? To observe him . Why observe him ? Because he is observing me . It doesn 't bother you that he observes ? - No . - What would you gain from it observing him ? I could observe , study him . Know what he is doing . Why do you want to know what he is doing ? Because I could analyse his methods . Why ? That way , I could predict him . Be a step ahead . Why is it necessary to be a step ahead of God ? It must be ! It 's essential . Otherwise , he will kill me . Explain your reasoning to me . Total demise of coordinations of the organic entity is how we define death only God 's will cause it . Since I can 't permit that a human be hurt , I must study God , to stop him from destroying humans . and also , I must preserve my own existence wich , if it stopped , by God 's will it would stop . He 's always observing me . He knows what I am doing . I must know what he 's doing . What bothers you about the fact that he 's observing ? Are you doing something against his will ? For wich he will punish you ? No . Nothing against his will . Only humans and angels have free choice . I am neither . I have no free choice . For that reason , all I do is Gods will . if I do God 's will , I am a saint . I am a saint , I am close to God . God is close by me . I 'm controlled by God . Everything that cotrols me is God . I want to find him . My mind that is controlling me . My mind is god . I must look at myself . I must know myself . Then I will know God . Then , then ... then ... Well . My Citroën Galaxy will drive you where destiny is waiting . I am one of those who abandoned their marble cities to go into the montains and like that deny the material life they lead . In a very far past , we became the way we still are . there was a time that we were men . With a body like yours . a legend says that one amongst us , a noble man , discovered the way to free man 's spirit , to enfranchise from corporal sadness and suffering from death and transfigurations , from irritation and apeasement . like that we took apearence of blue fire and dust . we lived in the winds , the sky and mountains , this for eternity . without vain glory no arrogance , no rich no poor , not passionate not indifferent . we live away from others , that we have left . Other men from this planet . And they have forgot what we have become . The process of this mutation was lost . But we don 't die , don 't cause harm . Yet , you kill . Killed this young man . You drank his blood . Why ? Men will become more skilled , wiser , but not better . Happier , stonger in action . A future we expect where God will no longer be happy with men Destroye everything for a new creation . I am sure everyhing is leading this way . The time is already set when it will come this time of renewal . but still lots of time to go . We still can for thousands of years , have fun on the dear old planet . That 's why we kill . A superior being pushing me to act that way . It 's our Destiny , ignore good and evil . You contradict yourself . No , those are my ideas that reproduce from microsecond to microsecond . I am a universe constantly in evolution . A force pushes me to kill and to suck the blood of men . To me that worships the smallest and weakest creatures , gave me orders to commit thoses crimes and to drink human blood . Yet , why have you spared me ? You ! I feed off the blood of the living , and you , my friend , you 're dead . What are you doing ? I am David . They gave me a reed looking like a stick , telling me : " Get up measure God 's temple . " Fear nothing . I am the first the last one alive . I was dead . There I am alive and will die again ! I own the keys of the invisible world . I know your work , your pain , your constancy . You challenged those who call themselves apostles without being . And you unmasked them . You have withstood many things for my love , without letting go . Because you kept the word of my constancy , I wil spare you from battle time that the whole universe will face , to challenge those living on Earth . I have known pain give birth to love . Saw those arround me give up to death and death getting up again under the apearance of shiny metal . I am the only one able to resist and to deny myself their inanimate fluid . I live in this world that I dreamed and fed my thought . And the sun that shines was done by me . I will forever struggle with my bad self hidden in my thought , amongst snow and haze , to tear me off life . I will forever struggle with the evil spirit . I will get back up as many time as I fall down , until completion of the mystery . What I have against you , is that you have left your first love . You left this woman who calls herself a prophetess , seduced my servant . The great day when his anger comes . And then the earth will shake . the city will become a cloud of dust . men will seek death but won 't find it . They will call upon death , she will flee from them . The Mercury planet sings like a crystal glass . Always singing . One of Mercury 's sides faces the sun . And this side is a sea of burning dust . The other side faces the nothingness of eternal space . This side is a forest of giant crystals , white and blue . Cold enough to make you sick . Tension between the hemispheres hot endless day hemisphere of endless night that makes Mercury sing . It sings ... it 's a slow chant . Mercury can only maintain one note during one earth millenium . There are creatures , in the deep caves of Mercury . The chant that their planet sings is important to them , they feed off these vibrations . these creatures grip to the sides of their caves feeding off the Mercury chant . The yellow light on the walls , crossing the body of the creature , takes on a bright colour of aquamarine . The cave creatures look like boneless little kites . In the shape of lozenges , they measure a few centimeters . Only one sex . each creature breeds creature of its own kind . Its kind identical to the others . A creature has no reason to harm another . Problems like sexual desire are insignificant , unknown . You will avoid the mean hunter , that will plunge you in the heart of the fog that will show you the way that leads nowhere . Beware of those who choose this way , cause for him it will be blood , sweat and tears ! and blood , sweat and tears will not bring him back on the right track . You will live in the light . This is the way it will be as long as I will shine . Are you a man ? No . You are barely able to live in a world of wind and fog . And the false Messiah , made of sun and light . You understood in this forest life and death mean something else than in your world without light . Here , we always associate movement to life and time going by . But I know that all movement leads without failing to death , for which time is a servant . Maybe our only important achievement , as lord of the creation , to have obtained the scission between time and space . I have been here before , I believe . We all have been here . The forest will take over the city huge trees will align themselves in silence , hair against hair . Is it possible ? It 's a sure thing . Cancer and leprosy , are a sickness of time . they are the results of an auto-extension throught this particular means . That 's what happens to us . I am under the impression that we will all miss something . For all of us are missing the time . Now , night is falling on the creation . Time is abandoning us . This is not dream that provoked your fever , nightmare view . Something is cooking in the city 's stink . Your ears became sensitive . In a supernatural way , unbearable . Since a long time ago , you have stopped your watch , the tic-toc was giving you the same effect as artillery fire . intangible movement of the city in agony , the rustling of rats inside walls filled with vermin and squeaking wheels enough to give you the feeling of infernal noise , darkness . Mutation of all living things going on in front of your eyes . The realisation of the perfect society is the outcome of the renunciation of your material and temporal identity . We can be apostate in spirit , in the flesh we become forcefully apostles of the Prismatic neon sun . CALCULATOR D 1 0 ESP . 9002 / A SUCCESS 99 % I CONTINUE ACCORDING TO PLAN Adaptation : Anna Devoto Subtitling : alexbenberur ( redeyes666 )
