 Do you still like red roses , Mara ? Do you remember these flowers in Acapulco ? A many-coloured carpet stretched over the river . Only when they came near , did we guess the presence of the boats . Genuine floating gardens they were . The whole river was drenched , in their perfume . We told each other , " See you tomorrow " That was three years ago . You came anyway . - Huh huh , just like that . Isn 't this what we agreed upon ? When one of us does this ... The other one comes running . - I need you . You left me on the bank of a flower-filled river after saying , " See you tomorrow " , without a word of explanation , without writing a single letter in three years , and today , you say you need me ? No . Oh , no , you 're being unfair . I never ceased to need you . Never . You left , Mara , and since then , you never even once , contacted me . I couldn 't . - Why ? What prevented you ? Thanks . When we were in Acapulco , you used to go to Mexico a lot , remember ? Of course , you were working for the Americans . Of course . Digging for uranium . No , your real job . The one with the CIA . Anyway , how is this connected to what you want to tell me ? Have you already heard of the Consortium ? The Consortium of Brains ? I know something about them . Something so serious , that it could mean my death . The Consortium of Brains , never wanted anyone 's death . I know . Its members are not evil men . On the contrary , they 're generous people determined to serve mankind . I knew one of them very well . His name was Otto Eisner . He was a small creative man , a good man who wore glasses , and a panama . He also was a scientist of great integrity . He didn 't want science to be used to wicked ends . I wanted you to meet , Otto Eisner . I wanted you to help us . But he was killed . He was the last of my friends , and he was stabbed in the back , this very morning , even as I watched . Let 's not stay here . A friend of mine lent me his villa on the coast , near Janovar . You 'll be safe there . - I 'll be safe nowhere . He 'll find me anywhere I might go . Who ? Professor Saroghu ? - You know my husband ? I read about Professor Saroghu 's wedding in a jet set column . You really were beautiful in the photograph , Mara . You 're still mad at me , aren 't you ? Saroghu was very good to me . He helped me . He protected me . Listen to me , Mara . I crossed seven thousand kilometres to join you here , and you needed only to call me . But if you want me to help you , you must tell me what you 're afraid of . Do you know what I did when I got your letter ? I almost threw it away without opening it , then I read the postmarks Paris , Conakry , Panama , Bogotá ... It was as if you 'd called me across the whole world ; that 's why I came . Yes I want to help you , Mara , but tell me , what are you afraid of ? I 'm not only afraid for me , Francis . Imagine destruction and death falling on this place . A whole city changed to dust . All the buildings , the palaces , the museums , the temples , the cupolas , two thousand years of human memory annihilated . Byzantium 's second death . " And when the trumpets blew for the seventh time , the walls of Jericho came tumbling down " One of these days , the trumpets will blow for Istanbul , and the city will vanish under the sea . Mara ... - You don 't believe me ? I 'm not crazy , Francis . Had you meet Professor Eisner , he would have managed to convince you . I 'm sure you would have believed him . But they killed him . Yes . I believe you , Mara . I shall help you . The perfume . Can you smell the perfume ? Acapulco 's flowers ... Watch out ! Don 't talk . Don 't say anything . Who are you ? Where are we ? I 'm Yasmine . This is the house of Malek , the bear keeper . Malek ? - He 's my grandfather . You speak good French . I was taught by the white sisters . Afterwards , my parents died and I had to come back here , to care for my kid brother , Ouzbek , and my grandfather . Did you call the police ? No . My grandfather would never , alert the police . Your arm was badly stabbed . You need a doctor . Quick , Ouzbek ! No , wait ! I 've got this friend , Abdul Mascar , on Nourizia Street . Abdul Mascar . Nourizia Street . - Yes . Yes . What the hell do you want ? There 's a gentleman who fell ... You must come at once . Get lost . I 've got work to do . - His name is Francis . Francis ? Francis Coplan ? Why didn 't he come himself ? What 's his problem ? He fell and he said : " Go fetch mister Mascar " ! Alright , move it ... Yes , yes , yes , wait a second , will you ! This man cannot stay here . He needs medical attention . I can do it myself . That won 't be enough , I 'm afraid . I 'll have to see him again , to give him shots and care of his wound . I don 't intend to come back here every day . A hospital is too much of a risk . I 'm paying you to help me . This man must stay in hiding . Well , not here , that 's for sure . My place then . It 's the only way . Come on , take a seat . Leave us , little ones , we 've got business to discuss . You shouldn 't be out of bed . Where are my clothes ? I must leave . Oh , you 're going to leave . You 're going to leave right now ! I received orders to that effect . - It 's not possible . It 's either that or the Emniyet . The Emniyet ... Screw the Turkish secret services ! It 's obvious you don 't know Lieutenant Sakki . With him , no problem , it 's either bamboos or escape , and bamboos more often than not . Either bamboos or escape ? Of course you can 't understand . That 's Cayenne slang . This is just like the malaria once you 've caught it , you keep it . Over there , in St. Laurent , tombs were dug behind the bamboos , so when a guy couldn 't get away through the swamps or he stayed there too long , he sort of missed his escape . And that 's where he ended , among the bamboos . See what I mean ? But for you , it was escape . Of course . I 'm here , ain 't I ? But I didn 't escape like everybody did . The old man himself , got me out of the penal colony . I can see you 're amazed . - Indeed I am . Rest assured that it wasn 't philanthropy on his part . No ... This was the very beginning of the war . He needed agents in the Middle-East . Morally , I 've got the " légion d 'honneur " , but as for going back to France , no bloody way ! - Don 't you regret it ? I ? Why should I care ? Here , I 'm somebody . I 'm respected . Mister Mascar , the taxidermist . I 've got my own shop , and not in any street either Nourizia Street is better than the Central prison in Melun , isn 't it ? Well , can 't you understand that the old man holds me in his hand ? I can 't afford any funny business , Coplan . Tomorrow , I 'll see you aboard the plane to Paris . No , I cant do that . I 've got something to do , and nobody can prevent me from doing it . Not even you . Listen , pal , you called me , and I came , right ! I 'm willing to do all I can to help you , but no more ! You 're not going to put me in an awkward situation , are you ? Once I saw you in an awkward situation , Mascar , and I pulled you out of it . I haven 't forgotten . The felucca and the submachine-gun . I can see you coming , with your big cello the old gratitude and friendship trick . No ... Listen , Coplan .. There are favours that you have no right to ask , even me .. These girls are my wards . Can you believe that Fati , here , is my best informant ? Some people use hidden tape recorders or microphone-stuffed olives . Who needs the complexity ? It 's useless . Look at her .. When you 've got such beautiful eyes to see , and such a beautiful mouth , to tell everything afterwards ... I 'm glad you finally came to your senses . Believe me , this is all for the best . Well , good-bye . Mister Mascar . Stop repeating that you don 't know Mr. Coplan . Only this morning , you were seen with him at the airport . If you know he took the plane , why do you ask me where he is ? Because Mr. Coplan didn 't leave for Paris . Oh , please , I personally bought his ticket . I didn 't put those words in your mouth , did I ? Mr. Coplan walked to the plane in the midst of the other passengers then he slipped away , and came back driving a luggage cart . He 's now free to roam Istanbul , as you very well know , Mister Mascar . Of course I don 't ... - Mister Mascar ! You 're not speaking to just , anybody . You 're speaking to lieutenant Sakki , of the Emniyet . I 'm aware of that , believe me . - People like you , mister Mascar , think law-enforcement officers are stupid . - Not at all . People like you , mister Mascar , think Turkey is a fairground , where they can have any fun they want , under the very nose , of a stupefied police force . This is not the case ! Istanbul , a crossroads for spies . A secret mission in Ankara . Shadows over the Bosphore ! We 're tired of this picturesque reputation , of this dubious folklore . People like you are merely tolerated , mister Mascar , you mustn 't try our patience . You 're a ... taxidermist ? Taxidermist ... Yes , that is the scientific word for " animal stuffer " . It 's a very delicate trade , which requires a lot of ... I know ... You travel around a lot , mister Mascar . And they are quite eventful travels , for an honourable shopkeeper like you . Last month , you were in Trebizond , weren 't you ? How strange ! A man was killed at exactly the same time . An agent from the East . A coincidence , of course . Another coincidence , the nightly gunfight around the base , at Sarikanis , and guess who was in Sarikanis on that very day ! On a business trip , of course . Do you know the rumour about people coming here and never going out again ? I 'm of the opinion that it 's just a fairy tale ... mister Mascar . Now , would you please watch this file , it 's going to stay on this table as long as Mr. Coplan stays in Turkey . I 'd like to see Professor , Akran Saroghu . The professor is not here . I tell you , the professor is not here ! Please introduce the gentleman , Gamal . I thought you were an archaeologist , Professor Saroghu . Archaeology deals with dead things . But life , Mister Coplan , life is its raw state , isn 't it fascinating ? How do you know who I am , professor ? How does one know his nemesis ? How does one know the face of his destiny ? You bring nothing but woe . I should hate you , sir . Professor Saroghu , Mara mentioned a threat , Some danger . Don 't you know that prisoners , in their jails , make up fantasies , to match their impossible dreams ? Are you her husband or her jailer ? Neither . Mara is a prisoner only of herself . I should perhaps tell you a story , sir . I just hope it won 't make you laugh . Two years ago , I was doing archaeological digs in Upper Egypt . Do you know the Nubia Desert , mister Coplan ? A very sterile , dried up , scorched by the sun zone . That 's where raiders from Sudan , fell upon our small team . To their eyes , we were infidels , sacrilegious tomb-defilers . My companions were tortured , massacred , and I was myself mutilated in such a way that today ... When you 're just a shadow of a man , you must compromise , don 't you think ? Mara was admirably loyal and gentle . She 's a real woman . Young and beautiful . I told her she was free . She sometimes acts on it , but she 's not happy . And her torment is my torment . For me this is tea time , sir . Will you join me ? The Yagli , professor . - Of course , Gamal . I 'm giving him a free afternoon . Gamal is fighting in the Yagli . Did you ever witness one of those public fights ? To tell the truth , I didn 't have the time to check the folklore . Gamal is the strongest wrestler in Istanbul . He very seldom loses . He 's as powerful as an ox . Very well , you can go , now . Do you really believe that your wife ran away ? Don 't you think she could be dead ? What kind of a man are you , mister Coplan ? No , I don 't believe that Mara is dead . I don 't want to believe that . Hospitality is sacred in our country , but don 't abuse it . Oh , please , Mascar , let me pass through . Look , you really should thank me , I 've already seen Gamal break a man 's back on his knee , so you see ... Rather than hindering me , if you really are my friend , you 'll try to help me . I am your friend , but you 've put me in a very awkward situation . I know lieutenant Sakki quite well , and he won 't buy any story you make up . I 'm going to explain ... - Enough . Come with me . Istanbul , a ruin ? A levelled down Ankara ? Nobody will believe you . It 's a regular fairy tale . What about this ? Is this a fairy tale too ? I saw with my very own eyes , Mara being murdered . Mascar ! You don 't believe that I fell down from the cliff on my own , do you ? Look , I came here from the other end of the world , just to find Mara , and she 's dead . I don 't want to leave without knowing why . Give me forty-eight hours , Mascar ! Of course , I could easily miss you today , but ... No longer than that ! You swear ? Forty-eight hours . Did you know that Mrs. Saroghu was an addict ? That 's a lie . ! Still your old self , right ? You want to know everything , but when people talk to you , you close your ears . The man 's a sculptor . His name is Theler . Give an answer to those who seek your friendship . Do us the favour to address us , oh divine Marquis . Who 's Theler ? - I am . I need to speak to you in private . Tell your friends to go . Alright , the séance is over . Good night , sir . Good night , madam . Who the hell are you ? I want to talk to you about an archaeologist 's wife . So what ? What do you want of me ? Look , Theler , I 've got very little time . Do you know Mara Saroghu ? She was murdered . I want to know by whom and why . I didn 't even know she was dead . I ... This is really painful for me . Tell me about Mara . Did she come here ? Sometimes , yes . - Often ? Often enough . - Why ? Well ... Mara was beautiful , oh so beautiful . Like a beautiful flesh statue . Mara sat for me . She was an exceptional model . Especially for me . An artist always tries to feel the whole of his subject , you know . Each part of Mara 's body , is an image of perfection . Her shoulders , her legs , Her breasts .. Her hips .. Her belly ... You 're a liar ! You 're like everybody else . For you , the world is simple . It 's either day or night . Either love or hate . Mara knew that day and night sometimes mingle , and it 's possible to hate out of love . Mara is dead , you say ? For me , she can 't die . What existed between us , goes beyond the barrier of death . Enough ! You lie ! There was nothing between you and Mara . What do you know ? Thanks to me , she found Hugo again . Hugo ? - Yes , her brother , Hugo Gernsbach . Oh , please , he died three years ago in a laboratory accident . Mara loved her brother very much . I taught her how to communicate with Hugo from beyond the grave . Here ? In this workshop ? Yes , here . These mysteries escape you , don 't they ? Each day , Mara put red roses on her brother 's grave . A simple loving gesture . But when she communicated with him here , it just goes to show that some ties are stronger than death . Charity , bey effendi , charity ! Where the devil dwells , the woman hides ! The woman ? Did you see her ? Where is she ? The lovely lady took a cab and she asked to be driven into the old city . And then ? I don 't know . I couldn 't hear very well . Oh , yes , now I 've got it . She said , to the caravanserai . Yes , that 's it . Farewell , bey effendi , and may Allah be with you ! Scotch , Double . Hey , young man , do you know the McCormick tractors ? No , I don 't think so . - Here 's my card . I 'm Johnny Lawson , from Sydney , Australia . I don 't need a tractor just now . You never know when you 'll need one . I 'll keep your card , just in case . I 've sold tractors all over the world . Singapore , Copenhagen .. Hey , I once knew a girl , - Hey , look what you 're doing . who looked exactly like this one . Her name was Cathy . Yeah , Cathy And in any case , she was crazy about me ... You can 't expect anything from those girls . They 're after a sucker they can drain of his money . Excuse me . Sorry . - No , don 't go ... Are you following me ? You like that dancer , don 't you Now , you can trust Johnny Lawson 's great experience . They 're all ... Get in there ! - Here ? Yeah , lots of girls ! Hey , it 's pitch dark in here ! And there are no girls ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Sorry ... I didn 't hear you knock . Mara ... My name is Eva . What do you want ? What happened , Mara ? Won 't you give me an explanation ? You drank too much champagne . Although it 's not very good in this place . It 's extraordinary Yeah , I know . I remind you of somebody . They all say that . Look , Buster , if you came to invite me out tonight , forget it somebody 's waiting for me . And if you want a date , you can forget that too , somebody will be waiting for me tomorrow . And the day after tomorrow , and everyday after that ... Who 's waiting for you ? Theler ? Alright , we might as well do this . I guess that if I had you thrown out , you would come back . You 're Francis Coplan , aren 't you ? Mara often told me about you , but she obviously didn 't tell you about me . She refrained from telling you that she had a sister , didn 't she ? She always wanted to be .. unique .. OK , I really don 't intend to spend the night , in this lousy joint . What were you doing in the cemetery , today ? Who are you actually ? Ha ! Come with me ... I told you , I 'm Mara 's sister . The fallen sister . The one nobody wants to show . The shame of the family . But I still have the right to put flowers on my brother 's tomb . Come on , open this door ! What 's going on here ? One moment please . Stop it ! Madam ... Sir ... Do you know what killed Mara ? Curiosity ... She meddled with things that went way over her head , and then she tried to drag you in the mix without thinking of the risks she exposed you to . - But she died , not me . Yes , Mara is dead , and you can 't do anything for her . But she can still hurt you . Mara never loved anybody . You 're wrong . - No . She never loved anybody , bar herself . And she always hurt those who loved her . - Saroghu , for instance ? Saroghu described her as a monster ? On the contrary . I think he loved her more than anybody could , in a purely unselfish way . Saroghu lied to you . He 's a deceiving , devious man , devoured with jealousy . Maybe so . But he mastered his jealousy . He especially masters his reactions . Saroghu had you believe what he wanted . The answer to all your questions lies in his place , and you 've seen nothing . But you , Eva , what do you know ? Please tell me . I don 't know anything . I know absolutely nothing . The master is waiting . Forget what Mara told you . Forget what I told you . Leave this country , and forget everything . You were right , Coplan . Tomorrow will be too late . - Who was it , Saroghu ? Who ? The man I respected most , in the whole world . My friend had me murdered . But who , Saroghu ? Quick ! His name ! Hugo . Hugo Gernsbach . Since he was injured , he 's not the same anymore . He 's undergone a kind of mutation . Can you hear , Coplan ? You 've been led into a trap . They 'll say you killed me . Where is Hugo Gernsbach ? The gardens . You can still escape through the gardens . Answer me , professor ! Where is Hugo Gernsback ? Eva . Eva will tell you . Lieutenant Sakki , of the Emniyet . Please allow me to introduce my deputy , inspector Etorki . My dear Etorki , I 'm pleased to introduce mister Francis Coplan , whose acquaintance , we 've long wanted to make . As you can see , mister Coplan is a peaceful tradesman , whom we badly surprised by interrupting the walk he takes every night , after dinner . This arrest is absolutely arbitrary . I 've got a valid passport , and I committed no crime . Come on , please be sensible . You 're accused of murder . And your quality of honourable foreigner doesn 't protect you from Turkish laws . You know perfectly well , I didn 't kill Saroghu . I know only one thing , you 've been surprised on the scene of the crime a few moments after the victim died . If you 're innocent , you 'll certainly be acquitted in court . That 's a matter of , say , five or six months . One year at the most . Six months ? One year ? Don 't you realize ? Realize what , mister Coplan ? You must admit we 've been patient . And understanding . Should you have taken the plane for Paris as we wished you to do , you wouldn 't be here , dealing with a murder accusation . A murder accusation ! While it 's evident have something important to do . Very important . Didn 't it cross your mind , that what you 're after , could interest us ? Is this an offer ? An offer ? Oh , come on , come on . I 'm just a lowly policeman , mister Coplan , my duty is to put you behind bars , and nothing more . But just supposing .. repeat , supposing .. that you should be free again , free to further your search , I wonder ... I ask myself ... it 's just an hypothesis , mind you . Would you share your discoveries with this country 's authorities ? Why not ? If this is the only way I have to get out of here . Oh , wait ! If you should recover your freedom , as unlikely as this may be , nothing tells us , that you would be courteous enough to come back , and inform us of your findings . I give you my word . Indeed , indeed , indeed . But I 'd like to show you something , all the same . Francis ! You 're going to get us out of here , Francis , ain 't you ? I can 't do anything , little Ouzbek . They say that you can . They say that if you do what they want , we can go . And that if you don 't , we 're staying in jail . What about Yasmine ? Where is your sister ? She fled . She was scared when she saw them . Who scared her ? The policemen ? Not the policemen , no . The men who came down the mountain , looking for you . What does this mean ? I 'm not ill . Oh yes , mister Coplan , you are very ill . So ill that we can 't keep you here . You must be taken to the hospital . Isn 't it , doctor ? An acute fit of malaria . The patient must be hospitalized at once . You 'll notice we 're not barbarians , mister Coplan . All your possessions are in here , even your shoelaces . I wish you a very good health , mister Coplan . Fools ! Incompetents , who couldn 't even guard sheep , that 's what I was given , to guard an important prisoner , a dangerous man . How could you ever let him escape ? How did he managed to do it ? How ? Er ... the door , sir ... he opened the door . Here we are ! What could be more natural ? He opened the door , and he left . Imbecile ! That door , gentleman , should have been locked to begin with ! And who did lock the door ? Well , the thing is , when we left ... - Who locked the ambulance door ? Well , it was ... it was you , sir . What ? You dare ? You dare to blame your superiors for your faults ? You dare , that 's it ? In jail ! Right now ! In jail ! Put them in jail ! You 're going to learn honour and discipline , worthless soldiers that you are ! Delinquents ! Criminals ! Hashish smokers ! The dancer Eva , I absolutely must speak to her . You are mistaken . There is no Eva here . Oh , come on , I was here last night . You even poured me a whisky . Whisky ? As if I could remember every man who drinks a whisky . But I saw Eva ! I talked to her ! For God 's sake ! I locked an Australian man inside the telephone booth . An Australian man in the telephone booth ? I don 't like being made fun of . Where is she ? I swear , I don 't know her . You don 't know her either ? What do you want ? - I 'm looking for Eva . You 've already been told , that there is no Eva here . But I saw her last night , in this very dressing room . I doubt it . It 's been ours for three weeks . Tall as three apples , and big as one man , That 's Tim ... That 's Tum ... That 's Tom ... Go away ! You too , Fati ! Out ! Here , Fati , catch ! This way , you won 't have to come back . And now , let us be serious , Theler .. Where is Hugo Gernsbach ? You know he 's dead . Are you crazy ? So he 's dead , is he ? No , stop . Don 't do this ! I beseech you ! So he 's still dead ? I swear I don 't know . Don 't force me . They would kill me . They might kill you . But I 'm sure to do it , if you don 't talk . It 's far , very far from here . Very far indeed . In the mountains . Near the Syrian frontier . An old fortress . Alamut Kalesi . Coplan came to Theler 's . He threatened him , and Theler was so afraid , that I 'm sure he talked . Hello , Fati ? Fati ... Hello ? Now you 've got some explaining to do , you little bitch . I didn 't do anything . I was just calling a friend . A friend ? Well , we 'll see . Hello ? I 'd like to speak to lieutenant Sakki . For Mr. Mascar . Hello ? Lieutenant Sakki ? I tried to join you all night ! Coplan is in danger . He discovered something terrible . I 've got to see you immediately . No , not in your office . The boat cemetery in five minutes ? Alright . Did you see lieutenant Sakki ? - Around there ... Did you see a foreigner ? Let us leave those anger prone foreigners to their own devices , my dear Etorki . In three days time , they 'll have succeeded in exterminating each other . Is there a castle around here ? Can you speak French ? I 'm looking for a castle , a medieval castle . A citadel . A fortress . Can you understand ? What castle are you looking for ? I 'm looking for the castle of , Alamut Kalesi . Just drive towards those mountains , but it 's a dreadful area , with trap like valleys . Monster-shaped rocks , underground streams . No sensible man enters , the Devil 's gardens . The Devil 's garden ? It 's been called that for centuries . - Why ? Because these valleys are the Devil 's hunting grounds . Theler paid for his treachery . What about the Frenchman ? - He 'll join us in a few hours . Why did you let him pass ? Because I was curious . His obstinacy fascinates me So much valour for so unworthy a cause . And his unreasonable love for Mara This absurd search , that 's interesting . This man will bring your downfall . Others have tried . Eisner . Saroghu . Even you , dear Carole . But I gave up . It was a game . And you know perfectly well that I 'd be bored to death anywhere else . Here , with you , I 'm having fun at last . You 're a superficial woman , Carole . Superficiality is killing the world . I said you 're superficial , Carole . I should say , that you 're a monster . I , a monster ? You surprise me , my dear Hugo . Why did I tolerate your capture of this child Because she 's going to be useful . Do you think Coplan will fear for his own security ? He may not even be aware of the danger . But for her , yes , he 'll be afraid . Tomorrow , with your permission , there will be a great hunt in Sepulchre Valley . Here ! Here ! How stupid ! Why did you capture that man , when he came to me of his own volition ? Because that way , he was posing as an equal . He can 't claim that anymore . I gave the orders , with your best interest in mind . You too , Carole . Leave me alone with him . I 'm fascinated with your courage and obstinacy What did you hope to achieve , by coming here ? Before she died , your sister Mara could warn me of some danger . Before he died , you friend Saroghu could tell me about you . He respected your ideals but wanted to convince you to give up your plans . They died because you became a danger to the world . A danger to the world ... I like the irony of the situation . What I want is peace on Earth , but as long as people like you won 't understand , I shall strike ! I shall strike hard ! Just like you did in 1943 , in Peenemünde That 's true . But when I left for the USA in 1945 , I knew hope for a while , science at the service of good . Don 't you know what it is for a scientist to feel that narrow-minded generals are ogling his tiniest achievement in the hope of perfecting their destructive power . In the end , I refused to work . I was branded a traitor . I was persecuted , tried in front of a commission And then , in 1964 , I had this laboratory accident , I was exposed to radiation . Disfigured . I faked my death . Since then , I 've been living here , preparing a better future for Man . You talk like a prophet , but you don 't hesitate , to lock an innocent girl in a cage , like an animal . In order to convince our guest to share our meal , I had to persuade him , that his little friend was safe . Nevertheless , he still seems concerned with the child 's fate . You can relax . Yasmine is in no danger She 's the prize of the hunt . The hunt ? - Don 't pay any attention . Carole is sometimes a little maverick . I haven 't allowed the hunt yet . My decision rest partly in your hands , mister Coplan . My hands ? I 'd like that , in exchange for your life , you 'd agree to work for our cause . Work for your cause , in exchange for my life ? You 've been harmful enough already . Even should I approve of your ideas , I would never yield to such blackmail . But our cause is right . - Maybe , but your means aren 't . I 'm afraid I misjudged you . You 're nothing more than a hired killer . What is your price ? Pray that you never learn it . Mister Coplan .. Don 't dwell too long on the citadel 's battlements . Sometimes , you can meet strange people there . Mara ... Will you understand that I 'm not Mara ? I 'm Eva . I don 't want to be anybody but Eva . Don 't you understand that Hugo is pulling your leg ? Can 't you see that he 's having fun at your expense ? He himself put me on this battlement , and he forced me to dye my hair . He 's a monster . - Why do you obey him , then ? He always had a great power over me . I loved him more than one can love a brother . I felt genuine passion for him , but he always favoured Mara . For her , he had no secrets . He never told me what was at the bottom of the Snakes ' Tower . The Snakes ' Tower ? The high tower , there . Hugo customized it to his needs . At the bottom lies his secret . Mara went there , but I never was allowed to pass the last door . Lead me to it . I 'll help you pass the last door . Come . That 's it . Behind that door , lies Hugo 's secret . Stop , Coplan . That would mean your death . You betrayed me again , little sis . And you betrayed me too , Coplan , you deserve your fate . Tomorrow , there will be hunting in Sepulchre Valley . Try and understand me , Eva I 'm the one who strikes out of love . I 'll get out of here . And tomorrow , I 'll take you with me . Tomorrow ? Do you know what will happen tomorrow ? Haven 't you heard what Hugo said about the hunt ? He mentioned a hunt , true enough . The Hittites used to hunt that way three thousand years ago , in a place called Sepulchre Valley . So what ? - You 're not aware of Hittite traditions ? In Sepulchre Valley , only one kind of game is hunted . Man ? - Yes , man . That 's why the peasants call this area , the Devil 's gardens . To placate evil deities , the princess was required to hunt four times a year the bravest and strongest man in the kingdom . To track and kill him . I 'm not dead yet . One day , from very far , somebody called me , just like that . And I came . I 'll save you in spite of yourself , Mara . I want to know . I already told you , little sis , that the secrets at the bottom of the tower are not for you , They 're deadly secrets . I want to know . Let me take the key . The key to the last door . Never , Eva . Never , as long as I live . You won 't be able to keep your secret forever , Hugo . Others will steal it eventually . You 're thinking of that man . Don 't you know that nobody ever came out of Sepulchre Valley alive ? If he fails , another man will come , then another , and another ... and I will not help you against them anymore , Hugo . Never . What I created is mine . What I love is mine . In this unprincipled world , I don 't want to accept any compromise . If my secrets are threatened , if you want to distance yourself from me , I 'll stop at nothing ! Hugo ! Two hours are necessary , to cross Sepulchre Valley , but crossing it does not equal , getting out of it . The cliffs are impassable . And on the other side of the forest , there lies a swamp , that would be your tomb . As you can see , Sepulchre Valley is a totally closed place . The hart god was the Hittites' symbol of gambling and luck . Do you know how the princesses of the second dynasty led the great ritual hunts ? The sun will soon appear over yonder cliffs . When the hart god 's emblem , is fully lit by its rays , then and only then , will the hunt be open . Up to this instant , nobody is allowed to touch you . No firearm will be used , and , if you manage to leave the valley , the world will be yours . Coplan ! Hugo ! Hugo Gernsbach ! Hugo Gernsback ! Mister Coplan ! So Carole 's superficiality , finally caused her demise . Since you are the winner , you 're free to go . You 're forgetting why I came here . I will not leave without Eva . Never . Halt ! What do you see , Etorki ? Ravens . Ravens ! Don 't you see the shadows of Bayazid 's and Tamerlan 's soldiers ? The spectre of the Old Man of the Mountain , grand master of assassins ? Don 't you see severed heads , and brandished yataghans ? Ravens ? Etorki , Pyramids of human skulls , rose at the foot of those grim walls , Alamut Kalesi is the fortress of terror , of death and desolation . An endless threat that was fought endlessly . Our task is now , to sever the dragon 's head . Onward ! So you don 't want freedom ? Will you never understand ? You persist in wanting to die , Coplan . Must I really call my guards ? No , Hugo . - He wants to destroy us , little sis . I came for you . You 're leaving with me . Let him go , Hugo . Let him go . I beseech you , Hugo . He wants to separate us , little sis . Now you must choose , Eva between him and me , between life and death . Shoot ! Shoot ! Oh , no ! Not the last door . Come back , Eva ! Not the last door . No , Eva , don 't open that door ! I warned you , little sis . To open the last door , is to welcome death itself . You now know what I once felt , my poor love . It 's too late , little sis . Pandora 's box has been opened . If you lived , you would see the flesh on your face burn away to the bone , you know . You too would become a monster . But why would you live now ? You lost everything ! Destroyed everything ! - Gernsbach , please ! Come ! In a few minutes , nothing will be left of me . I planned it that way . In a few minutes , nothing will be left of everything that I created , owned or dreamed in this world . No ! No ! - The hand of God .. I 'm pleased . I 'm really pleased , with your friendly cooperation . You 've been very helpful to us . In fact , it 's partly thanks to you , that I could rid Turkey I 'm saying Turkey ? Make that humanity , of some kind of monster . Yes , some kind of monster . Yasmine ! Dialogue translated by goupil66 February / March 2009 Subtitles timed by McDuck February / March 2009 For the Cinemageddon Euro-Spy Project
