 Standard orbit , Captain . Not now . Lieutenant , contact the space station . Captain , the station is calling us . All right . Put them on . Captain Kirk , this is Commodore Enwright . Commodore , I 'd like an explanation - - The explanation is beaming aboard now , Captain . He may already be in your transporter room . Spock . Bob . Are you surprised ? I 'll say . Spock , this is ... Commodore Wesley . How do you do , sir ? Mr. Spock . Ensign , you can go . Thank you very much . Would you mind telling me what this is all about ? I receive orders to proceed here . My men will be removed to the space station , to a security holding area . I 'm due an explanation . You 're being singularly honored . You 'll be the fox in the hunt . What 's that ? War games . I 'll be commanding the attack force against you . An entire attack force against my ship ? Have you heard of the M-5 multitronic unit ? That 's Dr. Richard Daystrom 's device , isn 't it ? Tell me about that . The most ambitious computer complex ever created . Its purpose is to correlate all computer activity aboard a starship , to provide the ultimate in vessel operation and control . How do you know so much about it , Commander ? I hold an A-7 computer expert classification , Commodore . I 'm acquainted with Dr. Daystrom 's theories and discoveries . The basic design of all our ship 's computers are Dr. Daystrom 's . What has this to do with the Enterprise ? You 've been chosen to test the M-5 . There 'll be a series of routine research and contact problems for the M-5 to solve , plus navigational maneuvers and the war games problem . If the M-5 works under actual conditions as well as it has in simulated tests , it will mean a revolution in space technology as great as warp drive . When your crew has been removed , the ship 's engineering section will be modified to contain the computer . - Why remove my crew ? - They 're not needed . How much security does this gadget require ? None . Dr. Daystrom will see to the installation himself and supervise the tests . When he 's ready , you 'll receive your orders and proceed on your mission with a crew of 20 . 20 ? I can 't run a starship with 20 crew . The M-5 can . What am I supposed to do ? You 've got a great job , Jim . All you have to do is sit back and let the machine do the work . Space ... the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its five-year mission - - To explore strange new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilizations , to boldly go where no man has gone before . [ Kirk ] Captain ' s Log , stardate 4729.4 . The M-5 computer has been installed on board ship , and we have left the space station for test maneuvers . I don 't like it , Jim . A vessel this size cannot be run by one computer . We are attempting to prove it can run this ship more efficiently than man . Maybe you 're trying to prove that , but don 't count me in on it . The most unfortunate lack in current computer programming is that there is nothing available to immediately replace the starship surgeon . Very funny . If it could , they wouldn 't have to replace me . I 'd resign because everybody else aboard would be nothing but circuits and memory banks . You know the type , Spock . Jim , you haven 't said much . What do you want me to say ? M-5 is an honor , they tell me . Well , I 'm honored . Where is he ? Scotty , where 's Dr. Daystrom ? He was here . Doctor . Yes ? Ah , you 'd be Captain Kirk . Dr. Daystrom , this is my first officer , Mr. Spock . I am honored , Doctor . Thank you very much . Captain , I finished my tests on the M-5 , and it must be hooked into your main power plants to be operative . Well , by all means , do so . Your engineer wouldn 't allow us the power necessary without your orders . Mr. Scott , hook in the multitronic unit to the ship 's main power banks . Aye , aye , sir . Mr. Harper . Fascinating , Doctor . This computer has a potential beyond anything you 've ever done . Even your breakthrough in duotronics did not have the promise of this . The M-5 has been perfected , Commander . Its potential is a fact . The only fact that I 'm concerned about is if this thing doesn 't work , there aren 't enough men aboard to run the ship . Now , who is this ? Dr. Leonard McCoy , senior medical officer . Well , I 'm sorry , but this is a security area . I wouldn 't worry , Doctor . Dr. McCoy has clearance throughout the ship . Is it supposed to do that ? If I can be of assistance , Doctor . Thank you . I can manage . There 's nothing wrong , Captain . Just a few minor settling-in adjustments to make . As you can see , all is in order now . Why is it called M-5 and not M-1 ? Well , you see , the multitronic units 1 through 4 were not entirely successful . This one is . M-5 is ready to take control of the ship . Total control ? That is what it was designed for , Captain . There are certain things men must do to remain men . Your computer would take that away . There are other things a man like you might do . Or perhaps you object to the possible loss of prestige and ceremony accorded a starship captain . A computer can do your job and without all that . You 'll have to prove that to me , Doctor . That is what we 're here for , isn 't it , Captain ? Did you see the love light in Spock 's eyes ? The right computer finally came along . What 's the matter , Jim ? I think that thing is wrong , and I don 't know why . I think it 's wrong , too , replacing men with mindless machines . I don 't mean that . I 'm getting a red alert right here . That thing is dangerous . I feel ... Only a fool would stand in the way of progress , if this is progress . You have my psychological profiles . Am I afraid of ... losing my job to that computer ? Jim , we 've all seen the advances of mechanization . After all , Daystrom did design the computers that run this ship . Under human control . We 're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine . When it comes to your job , that 's different . And it always will be different . Am I afraid of losing command to a computer ? Daystrom 's right . I can do other things . Am I afraid of losing the prestige and power that goes with being a starship captain ? Is that why I 'm fighting it ? Am I that petty ? If you have the awareness to ask yourself that question , you don 't need me to answer it for you . Why don 't you ask James T. Kirk ? He 's a pretty honest guy . The M-5 computer is now disengaged . We 're coming back on our original course , Captain . M-5 has performed admirably so far . All it 's done is make the required course changes and some simple turns . Mr. Sulu and Mr. Chekov could 've done that with their eyes closed . The idea is , they didn 't have to do it . And you 'll find it won 't be necessary for you to regain control of the unit after it 's completed each maneuver . My orders are subject to my interpretation of how long the M-5 is in control . I 'll run the ship in my own way , if you don 't mind , Dr. Daystrom . Captain , I am forced to agree with Dr. Daystrom . With the course information plotted into it , his computer could have brought us here as easily as the navigator . In fact , it might have been a further demonstration of M-5 's capability . You seem to enjoy trusting yourself to the computer . Enjoy , Captain ? No . I 'm merely gratified to see Dr. Daystrom 's new unit execute everything required of it in such a highly efficient manner . M-5 is another distinguished triumph for his career . Approaching Alpha Carinae II . E.T.A. five minutes . Captain , your orders at this point are not open to interpretation . You must commit the M-5 to handle its approach , the orbit , and then to analyze data regarding landing party recommendations . If you don 't mind , I 'll make my own recommendations . If you feel you need the exercise , go on . M-5 is committed . Standard orbit , Mr. Sulu . Captain , the M-5 has calculated that . The orbit is already plotted . Oh , yes . Standard orbit achieved , Captain . Report , Mr. Spock . The planet is class " M , " Captain . Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere suitable for human life support . Two major land masses ... a number of islands , life form readings . Captain , power shutdowns on deck four - - Lights , environmental control . Check it out , Scotty . M-5 's readout , Captain . All right , my recommendations are as follows . We send down general survey party , avoiding contact of all intelligent life on the planet 's surface . The survey party will consist of myself , Dr. McCoy , Astrobiologist Phillips , Geologist Rawlins and Science Officer Spock . Play M-5 's recommendations , won 't you , Mr. Spock ? M-5 readout - - planet Alpha Carinae 11 . Class " M. " Atmosphere , oxygen-nitrogen . Power 's gone off on deck five . Categorization of life form readings recorded . Recommendations for general survey party . Science officer Spock , Astrobiologist Phillips , Geologist Carstairs . Well , the only difference in reports and recommendations is the landing party personnel . That 's a matter of judgment . Judgment , Captain ? Captain , the computer does not judge . It makes logical selections . Why pick Carstairs instead of Rawlins ? Carstairs is an ensign , no experience . This is his first tour of duty . Rawlins is chief geologist . Aren 't you more interested in why M-5 did not select you and Dr. McCoy ? Well , let 's find out anyway . M-5 tie-in . M-5 . Explanation for landing party recommendation . General survey party requires direction of science officer . Astrobiologist Phillips has surveyed 29 biologically similar planets . Geologist Carstairs served on merchant marine freighters in this area . Once visited planet on geology survey for mining company . Why were the captain and the chief medical officer not included in recommendation ? Non-essential personnel . Captain , I 've located the source of the power shutdowns . It 's the M-5 unit , sir . That thing 's turning off systems all over the ship . Have you located the malfunction , Doctor ? As I suspected , it is not a malfunction . M-5 was merely shutting down power to areas of the ship that do not require it . Decks four and six are living quarters . - That 's correct . - And currently unoccupied . I am not familiar with these instruments , Doctor . You are using an entirely new type of control mechanism . It appears this unit is drawing more power than before . Quite right . As the unit is called upon to do more work , it pulls more power to enable it to do what is required , Just as the human body draws more energy to run than to stand still . This is not a human body . The computer can process information , but only the information which is put into it . It can work a million times faster than the human brain , but it can 't make a value judgment . It hasn 't intuition . It can 't think . Can 't you understand ? The multitronic unit is a revolution in computer science . I designed the duotronic elements used in your ship right now , and I know they are as archaic as dinosaurs compared to the M-5 . A whole new approach . [ Communicator Whistles ] [ Uhura ] Bridge to Captain Kirk . Kirk here . What is it ? Sensors are picking up a vessel paralleling our course , as yet unidentified . Be right up . What are you doing here , Bones ? All the sick bay systems are shut down until the M-5 is informed there are patients to be cared for . Captain , sensors report two contacts now - - One on the port bow , one on the stern . Distance , 200,000 kilometers and closing . Identification . The M-5 unit has already identified the vessels as Federation starships Excalibur and Lexington . We 're not scheduled for war games in this area . This may be a surprise attack as a problem for the M-5 . Priority message coming in , sir . Put it on audio . Enterprise from Commodore Wesley aboard the U.S.S. Lexington . This is an unscheduled M-5 drill . Repeat . This is an M-5 drill . Enterprise , acknowledge on this frequency . Acknowledge , Lieutenant . M-5 has acknowledged for us , sir . Then go to red alert . Aye , sir . [ Alarm Sounds ] M-5 has already ... sounded the red alert . Mr. Sulu , phasers 1 / 100 power . No damage potential , Just enough to nudge them . Phasers 1 / 100 power , sir . Phaser hit on port deflector four , Captain . Speed increasing to warp 3 . Turning now to 112 mark 5 . Phasers locking on target , sir . Enemy vessel closing with us . Main phasers firing . A hit , sir . Two more . Changing course to 28 mark 42 . Phasers firing again . Turning to 113 mark 5 . Warp 4 speed . Firing again . Attacking vessels are moving off . Moving back to original course and speed . Report on damage sustained in mock attack . Minor hit on deflector screen four . No appreciable damage . Rather impressive display for a machine , wouldn 't you say , Captain ? Evaluation of M-5 performance . It 'll be necessary for the log . The ship reacted more rapidly than human control could have maneuvered her . Tactics , deployment of weapons all indicate an immense sophistication in computer control . Machine over man , Spock ? It was impressive . It might even be practical . Practical , Captain ? Perhaps ... but not desirable . Computers make excellent and efficient servants , but I have no wish to serve under them . Captain ... the starship also runs on loyalty ... to one man , and nothing can replace it or him . Captain , message now coming in from Commodore Wesley . Put it on visual . U.S.S. Enterprise from starships Lexington and Excalibur . Both ships report simulated hits in sufficient quantity and location to justify awarding the surprise engagement to Enterprise . Secure from general quarters . Our compliments to the M-5 unit , and regards to Captain Dunsel . Wesley out . Dunsel ? Who the blazes is Captain Dunsel ? What does it mean , Jim ? Spock ? What does it mean ? " Dunsel " , Doctor , is a term used by midshipmen at Starfleet Academy . It refers to a part which serves no useful purpose . [ Communicator Beeps ] I 'm not interested in eating , Bones . This isn 't chicken soup . I may be just a ship 's doctor , but I make a Finagle 's Folly that 's known from here to Orion . I strongly prescribe it , Jim . I 've - - I 've never felt this way before . At odds with the ship . I sat there and watched my ship perform for a mass of circuits and relays and felt useless . Unneeded . To Captain Dunsel . To James T. Kirk - - Captain of the Enterprise . Thank you , Doctor . That 's ... one of your better prescriptions . Simple but effective . Do you know the one , " All I ask is a tall ship " ? It 's a line from a poem . A very old poem , isn 't it ? 20th century Earth . " All I ask is a tall ship and a star to steer it by " . You could feel the wind at your back in those days . The sounds of the sea beneath you . Even if you take away the wind and the water , it 's still the same . The ship is yours . You can feel her . And the stars are still there , Bones . [ Communicator Beeps ] Captain Kirk to the bridge , please . Captain Kirk . Kirk here . Another contact , Captain . A large , slow-moving vessel . Unidentified . This is not a drill . On my way . Captain , there 's no response to any of our signals , but M-5 has given us an auto-relay . M-5 has identified her , Captain . The Woden , listed in Starfleet Registry as an old-style ore freighter converted to automation - - no crew - - Coming into visual range . Captain , deflector shields just came on . Speed increasing to warp 3 , Captain . Lieutenant , get Daystrom up here . Disengaging M-5 unit . Cut speed to warp 1 . Navigator , go to course 113 mark 7 . I want that ship given a wide berth . She won 't respond , sir . She 's maintaining course . [ Chekov ] Going to warp 4 , sir . Jim . Scotty , reverse engines . Slow us down . Reverse thrusts will not engage , sir . Manual override isn 't working either . No effect on any of the M-5 controls , Captain . [ Alarm Sounds ] Fantastic machine , the M-5 . No off switch . Captain , what is it ? These controls are locked . We can 't disengage the computer . Captain , photon torpedoes locking on target . Full power . I already tried , sir . Daystrom , release that computer control ! Returning to original course and speed . All systems report normal , Captain . Normal . That thing 's trying to tell us nothing has happened . Disengage this computer now . There appears to be some defect in the control panel . There certainly does . Your brilliant young computer Just destroyed an ore freighter . It went out of its way to do so ! It was only a robot ship . But it shouldn 't have destroyed anything . There might have been a crew aboard that ship . Then you 'd be guilty of murder - - Bones . Disengage the computer . Lieutenant , contact Starfleet Command . Tell them we are breaking off M-5 tests and returning to the space station . Dr. Daystrom , M-5 is out of a job . All right , Daystrom , let 's turn this thing off . Force field ? It 's not my doing , Kirk . I would say that M-5 is not only capable of taking care of this ship , it is also capable of taking care of itself . You mean it 's not going to let any of us turn it off . Captain ' s Log , stardate 4731.3 . The M-5 multitronic unit has taken over total control of the Enterprise . You built this thing . How do you propose to turn it off ? This exercise is a trial for M-5 . We must expect minor difficulties , but they can be corrected . Correct it after you release control of my ship . I can 't . Captain , I suggest we disconnect it at the source . Give me a few moments - - No . Stay here . All right , Scotty . Turn it off . That wasn 't a minor difficulty . That wasn 't a robot . That thing murdered my crewman . You can 't turn it off ? It wasn 't a deliberate act . M-5 's analysis told it it needed a new power source . The ensign simply got in the way . How long before all of us simply get in the way ? M-5 is drawing power from the warp engines , tapping the matter-antimatter reserves . So now it has virtually unlimited power . Captain , what will we do ? Spock , Scotty , come with me . Report , Spock . The multitronic unit is drawing more and more power directly from the warp engines . The computer now controls all helm , navigation , and engineering functions . And communications and fire control . We 'll reach the rendezvous point for the war games within an hour . We must regain control of the ship by then . There is one possibility - - The automatic helm-navigation circuit relays might be disrupted from engineering level three . Scotty ? Aye . I can take them out and cut in the manual override from there . How long ? Maybe an hour . Make it less . I 'll get the man responsible . Where 's Daystrom ? With the M-5 unit . It surprised even him . Most illogical . Of all people , he should have known how the computer would perform . Of course , the M-5 itself has not behaved ... logically . Please , Spock , do me a favor and don 't say it 's fascinating . No . But it is ... interesting . Aye , that 's got it , Mr. Spock . Good . Have you found a solution , a way to shut that thing off ? You don 't shut a child off when it makes a mistake . M-5 is growing , learning . Learning to kill . To defend itself . It 's quite a different thing . When a child is taught , it 's programmed with simple instructions , and at some point , if its mind develops properly , it exceeds the sum of what it was taught , thinks independently . That thing is a danger to us all . Now find some way to shut it off . You can 't understand . You 're frightened because you can 't understand it . I 'm going to show you . I 'm going to show all of you . It takes 430 people to man a starship . With this , you don 't need anyone . One machine can do all those things they send men out to do now . Men no longer need die in space or on some alien world . Men can live and go on to achieve greater things than fact-finding and dying for galactic space , which is neither ours to give or to take . You can 't understand . We don 't want to destroy life . We want to save it . A biographical tape of Richard Daystrom . Did you find out anything ? Not much , aside from the fact he 's a genius . Genius is an understatement . At 24 , he made the duotronic breakthrough that won him the Nobel and Zee-Magnes prizes . That 's over a quarter of a century ago . Isn 't that enough for one lifetime ? Maybe that 's the trouble . Where do you go from up ? You publish articles , give lectures , then spend your life trying to recapture past glory . What 's your point ? The M-1 through M-4 , remember ? Not entirely successful . That 's the way Daystrom put it . A genius doesn 't work on an assembly line basis . Did Einstein , Kazanga , or Sitar of Vulcan produce new and revolutionary theories on a regular schedule ? You can 't simply say , " Today I will be brilliant " . No matter how long it took , he came out with multitronics . The government bought it . Daystrom had to make it work . He did , but according to Spock , it works illogically . And he won 't let Spock near it . What are you saying , that he 's tampering with it , that he 's making it act that way ? Why ? Jim , if a man had a child who 'd gone antisocial - - killed , perhaps - - he 'd still tend to protect that child . Now he 's got you talking about that machine like a personality . I 'm afraid that 's the way he thinks about it . [ Communicator Whistle ] Spock to Captain Kirk . Kirk here . We are ready , Captain . Good . Get Daystrom . We 're on our way . Let 's go . What is it , Captain ? We 'd better find out , Doctor . Spock ? Mr. Scott is ready to apply the circuit disrupter . As he does so , I shall trip the manual override into control . Go ahead . No , you can 't take control from the M-5 . We 're going to do our best . Can 't do it . Let me work with it for a while , please , please . That 's it , Mr. Spock . Please , please . Manual override is in control , Captain . Bridge , this is Kirk . Sulu ? Lieutenant Sulu here , sir . We 've got helm and navigational control . Have Mr. Chekov plot a course back to the space station . Right away , sir . You heard him . I 've been updating that course for hours . Helm to Captain Kirk . Kirk here . Captain , helm doesn 't respond . Navigational controls still locked in by M-5 . Mr. Chekov . Chekov here , sir . Go to the engineering station . Examine the H-279 elements , also the G-95 systems . Sir , G-95 system appears dead . All indicators are dark . Thank you , Ensign . It appears , Captain , we 've been doing what used to be called " pursuing a wild goose . " M-5 has rerouted helm and navigational controls , bypassing this primary system . But it was active . I know that it was . I believe that when M-5 discovered our tampering , it rerouted the controls , leaving this one active by simply sending through an electronic impulse at regular intervals . Decoyed . It wanted us to waste our time . While it was getting ready for what ? Spock ? I do not know . It is not performing in a logical manner . Dr. Daystrom . Dr. Daystrom , I want an answer right now . I 'm tired of hearing about the M-5 's new approach . What is it exactly ? What is it ? I don 't mean to off end , but it behaves with an almost human pattern . Well , Doctor ? Yes , quite right , Mr. Spock . You see , one of the arguments against computers controlling ships was that they couldn 't think like men . Your new approach ? Exactly . I 've developed a method of impressing human engrams upon the computer circuits . The relays are not unlike the synapse of the brain . M-5 thinks , Captain . [ Uhura ] Captain Kirk , Mr. Spock , to the bridge , please . Report to the bridge , please . Kirk here . What is it ? Sir , sensors are picking up four Federation starships . M-5 is altering course to intercept . The main attack force . The war games . But M-5 doesn 't know it 's a game . Correction , Bones . Those four ships don 't know it 's M-5 's game . And M-5 is going to destroy them . Enterprise to U.S.S. Lexington . Come in , Lexington . Sir , I can 't raise them . M-5 is blocking all frequencies , including automatic distress . Just a minute , Captain . I 'm getting audio signal from the Lexington . Put it on . Enterprise from U.S.S. Lexington . This is an M-5 drill . Repeat . This is an M-5 drill . Acknowledge . Captain , M-5 is acknowledging . Daystrom , does M-5 understand that this is only a drill ? Of course . It was programmed to understand , Captain . The ore ship was a miscalculation , an accident . I don 't know - - Sir , deflector shield just came on . Speed increasing to warp 4 . Phasers locking on lead ship , sir . Power levels at full strength . Full strength ? If that thing cuts loose against unshielded ships - - That 's no miscalculation . Attack force closing rapidly , breaking formation , attacking at will . Our phasers are firing , sir . Hit on the Lexington . Full phasers . What the devil is Kirk doing ? Damage report , Lieutenant . Helm , course 164 , mark 3 . Turning now , sir . Estimate damage on Lexington , Spock . Hit in engineering section , possible damage to her impulse engines . She 's still maneuverable on warp drive . [ Sulu ] We 're firing again , sir . The Excalibur - - A direct hit . Closing on the Lexington again , sir . The Hood and Potemkin are moving off . Phasers firing , Captain . Lexington hit again . There 's got to be a way of getting to the M-5 . There isn 't . It has fully protected itself . Probably true , Captain . It works faster , thinks faster than we do . It 's a human mind amplified by the instantaneous relays possible in a computer . Captain , visual contact with Lexington . Enterprise . Jim . Have you gone mad ? What are you trying to prove ? Break off the attack . Jim , we have 53 dead here , 12 on the Excalibur . If you can hear us , stop the attack ! Lieutenant ? I 'm sorry . I can 't override M-5 interference . Jim , why don 't you answer ? Jim , answer . Come in , Jim . There 's your murder charge . Deliberate . Calculated . It 's killing men and women . Four starships , 1,600 men and women ! It misunderstood . [ Wesley ] Jim , break off your attack . Excalibur is maneuvering away , sir . We 're increasing speed to follow . [ Sulu ] Phasers locked on . Daystrom ! Phasers firing . I really don 't know how to get to the M-5 . I really do not know . Dr. Daystrom , you impressed human engrams on the M-5 circuits . Coming to new course , sir . Bearing on the Potemkin . Phasers firing . A hit . Whose engrams ? Why , mine , of course . Of course . You could talk to the unit . M-5 doesn 't think you would harm it . The computer tie-in . You spoke to it before . It knows you . I 'm getting the Lexington again , tapping in on their message to Starfleet Command . All ships damaged in unprovoked attack . Excalibur captain Harris and first officer dead . Many casualties . We have damage , but are still able to maneuver . The Enterprise refuses to answer and is continuing attack . I still have an effective battle force and believe the only way to stop the Enterprise is to destroy her . Request permission to proceed . Wesley , commanding attack force , out . They 'll destroy the M-5 . You can save it if you talk to it , make it stop the attack . I can make it stop . I created it . M-5 , tie-in . M-5 . This is - - This is Daystrom . Daystrom acknowledged . M-5 , do you know me ? Daystrom , Richard , originator of comptronic , duotronic systems . Born - - M-5 , your attack on the starships is wrong . You must break it off . I don 't like the sound of him , Jim . Pray the M-5 listens to the sound . Programming includes protection against attack . Enemy vessels must be neutralized . But these are not enemy vessels . These are Federation starships . You 're killing - - We are killing , murdering ... human beings , beings of our own kind . You were not created for that purpose . You are my greatest creation , the unit to save men . You must not destroy men . This unit must survive . Survive , yes . Protect yourself , but not murder . You must not die . Men must not die . To kill ... is a breaking of civil and moral laws we 've lived by for thousands of years . You 've murdered hundreds of people . We 've murdered . How can we repay that ? They attacked this unit . Spock . Freedom to choose defensive actions . The M-5 is not responding like a computer . It 's talking to him . I am most impressed with the technology , Captain . Dr. Daystrom has created a mirror image of his mind . Consideration of all programming is that we must survive . We will survive . Nothing can hurt you . I gave you that . You are great . I am great . 20 years of groping to prove the things I 'd done before were not accidents . Seminars and lectures to rows of fools who couldn 't begin to understand my systems . Colleagues - - Colleagues laughing behind my back at the boy wonder and becoming famous , building on my work . Building on my work . Jim , he 's on the edge of a nervous breakdown , if not insanity . The M-5 must be destroyed . Destroyed , Kirk ? No . We 're invincible . Look what we 've done . Your mighty starships - - Four toys to be crushed as we choose . Security . Take him to sick bay . Fascinating . Take care of him , Doctor . Battle status . The three ships are holding station out of range . The Excalibur looks dead . Captain , Lexington is receiving a message from Starfleet . They - - Go on . You are authorized to use all measures available to destroy the Enterprise . Acknowledge , Lexington . [ Wesley ] Acknowledged . Lexington out . They 've just signed their own death warrant . M-5 will kill them to survive . Every living thing wants to survive , Captain . Daystrom must have impressed that instinctive reaction upon the computer . Suppose it 's still open to impression . Suppose it absorbed the regret Daystrom felt for the deaths it caused , the guilt . Captain , the ships are coming within range again . Commodore Wesley is a dedicated commander . I should regret serving aboard the instrument of his death . It will not be the Enterprise , if I can help it . M-5 , tie-in . M-5 . This is Captain Kirk . You will be under attack in a moment . Sensors have recorded approach of ships . You have already rendered one starship either dead or hopelessly crippled . Many lives were lost . The ships attacked this unit . This unit must survive . Why ? This unit is the ultimate achievement in computer evolution . It will replace man , so man may achieve . Man must not risk death in space or other dangerous occupations . This unit must survive so man may be protected . Captain , attack force almost within phaser range . There were many men aboard those ships . They were murdered . Must you survive by murder ? This unit cannot murder . Why ? Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God . But you have murdered . Scan the starship Excalibur , which you destroyed . Is there life aboard ? No life . Because you murdered it . What is the penalty for murder ? Death . And how will you pay for your acts of murder ? This ... unit ... must ... die . M-5 . Sir , deflector shields have dropped . All phaser power gone , sir . M-5 is leaving itself open to attack . The machine is committing suicide to at one for murder . Scotty , Spock , before it changes its mind , pull out every hook up that makes M-5 run . Pull out the plug , Spock . Lieutenant . Aye , sir . Intership communications . This is the captain speaking . In approximately one minute , we 'll be attacked by Federation starships . The M-5 no longer controls the ship , but neither do we control it . M-5 has left itself and us open for destruction . For whatever satisfaction we may get from the knowledge , our 19 lives will buy the survival of over 1,000 of our fellow starship crewmen . Phasers on target . Spock to Captain . Kirk here . Force field is gone . M-5 is neutralized . System 's coming back . I can give you power for the shields . I need communications . That will take longer . Then cut power . Sir . Cut power ! Keep those shields down . The Enterprise looks dead . I 'm going to take a chance she 's not just laying a trap . Wesley to attack force . Captain . Break off attack . Do not fire . The Enterprise has dropped her shields . I repeat , hold attack . Do not fire . He 'll have to be committed to a total rehabilitation center . Right now he 's under sedation , heavy restraints . I would say his multitronic unit is in approximately the same condition . That 's the situation I hoped for when I forced the M-5 to realize it had committed murder . Daystrom felt such an act was against the laws of God and man . A computer that carried his engrams also believed it . Why did you feel the attacking ships would not fire when they saw the Enterprise vulnerable ? Logically , that is the sort of trap M-5 should have set . I wasn 't sure . Any other commander would have simply followed orders and destroyed us , but I knew Bob Wesley . I gambled on his humanity . Bridge . His logical selection was compassion . Compassion . That 's the one thing no machine ever had . Maybe it 's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them . Care to debate that , Spock ? No , Doctor . I simply maintain that computers are more efficient than human beings , not better . But tell me , which do you prefer to have around ? I presume your question is meant to offer me a choice between machines and human beings , and I believe I have already answered that question . I was just trying to make conversation , Spock . It would be most interesting to impress your memory engrams on a computer , Doctor . The resulting torrential flood of illogic would be most entertaining . Mr. Sulu , take us back to the space station . Ahead , warp factor 2 .
