 [ Kirk ] Captain 's Log : Star date 5718.3 . The Enterprise is orbiting Elba 11 , a planet with a poisonous atmosphere ... where the Federation maintains an asylum ... for the few remaining incorrigible , criminally insane of the galaxy . We are bringing a revolutionary new medicine to them , a medicine with which the Federation hopes to eliminate mental illness ... for all time . I am transporting down with Mr. Spock , and we 're delivering the medicine to Dr. Donald Cory , the governor of the colony . - Donald , good to see you . - Governor . Gentlemen , you don 't know what a treat this is for me . It 's been too long since I 've had company , Jim . The force field 's back in place now . That means you two are trapped here . I 'm not accepting any excuses for your not dining with me . We 'd be delighted . Governor , you indicated one additional inmate since our last visit , making a total of 15 . - Is that correct ? - It is . The rehabilitation program isn 't progressing too well , and I have my doubts about the effectiveness of this medicine too . - Donald , are you becoming a pessimist ? - I 'm afraid I have . A total of 15 incurably insane out of billions ... is not what I would call an excessive figure . - Who is the new inmate ? - Uh , Garth . [ Cory ] Garth of Izar , a former star ship fleet captain . When I was a cadet at the academy , his exploits were required reading . He was one of my heroes . I 'd like to see him . Of course . [ Door Opens ] [ Click ] [ Click ] Captain ! You 're making a mistake . Captain Kirk is pressed for time at the moment , Marta . There 's nothing the matter with me ! Can 't you see just by looking at me ? Can 't you tell by listening ? She sounds rational enough , Captain . - I am rational . - What is it you want to tell me ? I can 't tell you in front of him . You 're afraid to talk in front of Governor Cory ? He isn 't really Governor Cory at all , that 's just it . [ Chuckles ] She 's been saying that for days now . Our medical staff can 't figure out why . [ Chuckles ] Here 's Garth . He 's been unusually disturbed , and we 've had to impose additional restraint . - Cory ? - [ Exhales ] Yes , Jim , I 'm Cory . [ Laughing Maniacally ] It 's true . He tricked you . [ Laughing ] [ Click ] You said you wanted to see me , Captain . Well , here I am . [ Garth Laughing ] [ Kirk ] Space- - the final frontier . These are the voyages of the star ship Enterprise . Its five-year mission- - to explore strange new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilizations , to boldly go where no man has gone before . Your Vulcan friend is still alive , Captain . My phaser was set to stun , not to kill . He 'll be quite comfortable , almost as comfortable as you and our esteemed governor . Garth , do you have to make him suffer like that ? You will address me by my proper title , Kirk . I 'm sorry . I should 've said Captain Garth . I am Lord Garth , formerly of Izar , and I lead the future masters of the universe . I 'm sorry , Lord Garth . You Earth people are a stiff-necked lot , aren 't you ? Release him . I 'm afraid that subjugating you won 't be enough . You must be confined . And all the people of the galaxy who will not bow to my will ... must be confined or destroyed . Captain Garth , listen to me . Ho-ho ! Our beloved governor has decided to address us , and we have not given him our permission to speak . Are you so afraid of him that you must keep him pinned ? [ Click ] I 'm afraid of no one . You 're all powerless against me . Thank you . - What 've you done with the medicine ? - The medicine ? You mean the poison . I destroyed it . - It was your only hope ! - Silence ! The chatter of inferior weaklings wearies me . And it 's time I took command of the Enterprise . You 'll help me , of course . Of course . My crew mutinied . The first use I will make of the Enterprise is to hunt them down ... and punish them for that . The crew of the Enterprise will also mutiny . [ Chuckles ] But they won 't . You see , Captain , there 's a helpful technique I 've mastered . [ Laughing ] - [ Laughing ] - Good-bye , darling . I 'll miss you . [ Click ] [ Click ] Governor Cory , how do you feel ? All right . There is no help for any of us ... if that madman is in command of the Enterprise . He boasts that he 's created the most powerful explosive in the universe , and I believe him . How does he manage to change form at will ? The people of Antos taught him the techniques of cellular metamorphosis ... to restore the destroyed parts of his body . By himself , he later learned to use the technique ... to recreate himself into any form he wished . The first time we knew about it was when a guard , seeing what he thought was me in Garth 's cell , released him . He was such a genius . What a waste . Force field is off . Good . Remain here out of sight until I give the order to join me . [ Console Beeping ] Kirk to Enterprise . - Scott here , sir . - Beam me aboard . Aye , sir . Queen to queen 's level three . - I said beam me aboard . - I said , queen to queen 's level three . We have no time for chess problems . Beam me aboard ! I 'm following your orders , Captain . Queen to queen 's level three . Just testing . Be in touch with you later . No ! No ! No ! [ Moaning ] Oh ! [ Screaming ] I gave him the sign . Why didn 't he give me the countersign ? Something 's wrong . Using the chess problem was the captain 's own suggestion . He couldn 't have forgotten it , and I can 't believe he was testing me . - Lieutenant , re-establish communication . - Aye , sir . [ Beeping ] There 's no response , Mr. Scott . Send an armed detail to the transporter room immediately . Aye , aye , sir . Mr. Sulu , what do your sensors show ? We can 't beam anybody down . The force field is in full operation , and all forms of transport into the asylum dome are blocked off . We could blast our way through the field , but only at the risk of destroying the captain , Mr. Spock ... and any other living thing on Elba ll . How can we be powerful enough to wipe out a planet ... and still be so helpless ? We are going to take the Enterprise , do you hear me ? We are going to take her ... if I have to shatter every bone in Captain Kirk 's body . Captain ? Captain Kirk ? I hope you haven 't been too uncomfortable , Captain . Thank you for your concern . - All in all , it 's been rather restful . - Good . Still , I 've been quite remiss in my duties as your host . I did invite you to dinner , as you may recall . - I 've forgotten . - But I haven 't . You and Mr. Spock are to be my guests . - Where is Mr. Spock ? - Right here . Marta ! Why can 't I blow off Just one of his ears ? Stop that , Marta . Mr. Spock will think we 're lacking in hospitality . Won 't you join us , Captain ? - How are you , Mr. Spock ? - Very well , indeed . Thank you , Captain . Isn 't Governor Cory joining us ? The governor doesn 't seem to be on the guest list . Oh ? An oversight ? An intentional one . Uh , the governor 's fasting . In that case , we must decline with thanks . Uh , Captain . Don 't be a fool , Jim . Go along with him . Good advice , Governor . Well , Captain ? You 'll find we set a handsome table . And the entertainment is most enjoyable . You 're very persuasive . Yes , I am . I certainly am . - Yah-haw ! - [ Laughter ] [ Laughing ] Keep your hands off Kirk ! - You treacherous thing ! - [ Laughing ] - You 're jealous ! - I am above that sort of thing . The captain is annoyed by your attentions , that 's all . Am I annoying you , dearest ? - Uh , not really . - [ Chuckles ] He finds me fascinating and you 're bothered by it . Admit it . I may have you beaten to death . No , you won 't , because I am the most beautiful woman on this planet . You 're the only woman on this planet , you stupid cow . Well , I 'm the most beautiful woman in this galaxy ! - You 're repulsive ! - I 'm beautiful ! And I 'm intelligent too . I write poetry , and I paint marvellous pictures . And I am a wonderful dancer . Lies ! All lies ! You are the greatest liar I have ever met ! Let me hear one poem you 've written . If you like . [ Softly ] Captain , if you could create a diversion , I might be able to open the force field . All we need is a few seconds , if Scotty has alerted security . Gentlemen , courtesy for the performer . " Shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ? " Thou art more lovely and more temperate . " Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May , - and summer 's lease hath all too soon- - " - You wrote that ? Yesterday , as a matter of fact . It was written by an Earth man named Shakespeare ... a long time ago ! Which does not alter the fact that I wrote it again yesterday ! I think it 's one of my best poems , don 't you ? - I may kill you with my bare hands ! - Aah ! Actually , Captain , she is a superb dancer . Marta , my dear , won 't you dance for our guests ? That was not a request . Marvellous , isn 't she , Captain ? Yes , uh ... incredible . - What is your reaction , Mr. Spock ? - I find it , uh ... mildly interesting and somewhat nostalgic , - if I understand the use of that word . - Nostalgic . Yes . It is somewhat reminiscent of the dances ... that Vulcan children do in nursery school . Of course , the children are not so ... well-coordinated . [ Applause ] She 's yours if you wish , Captain . Oh , uh ... thank you . That 's , um ... very magnanimous of you . You 'll find that I am magnanimous to my friends and merciless to my enemies . And I want both of you to be my friends . On what , precisely , is our friendship to be based ? Well , upon the firmest of foundations , Mr. Spock- - enlightened self-interest . You , Captain , are second only to me ... as the finest military commander in the galaxy . That 's very flattering . I am primarily an explorer now , Captain Garth . And so have I been . I have charted more new worlds than any man in history . And tried to destroy Antos IV . Why ? Well , I could say because they were actively hostile to the Federation . Yes , you could say , but that would be untrue . Agreed . [ Chuckles ] Actually , they were quite harmless , and they made me whole when I was maimed and dying . And in my gratitude , I offered them the galaxy . They rejected me , and I condemned them to death . How could you , a star ship fleet captain , believe that a Federation crew ... would blindly obey your order to destroy the entire Antos race , a people famous for their benevolence and peaceful pursuits ? That was my only miscalculation ! I had changed ! I had risen above this decadent weakness ... which still has you in its command , Captain . My crew had not . I couldn 't sway them . But my new crew , the men in this room , will obey my orders without question . Gentlemen , you have eyes but you cannot see . Galaxies surround us , limitless vistas ! And yet the Federation would have us grub away ... like some ants on some ... somewhat larger than usual anthill ! But I am not an insect ! I am master of the universe , and I must claim my domain . I agree there was a time when war was necessary , and you were our greatest warrior . I studied your victory at Axanar when I was a cadet . It 's still required reading . - As well it should be . - Very well . But my first visit to Axanar was as a new-fledged cadet on a peace mission . Peace mission ! Politicians and weaklings ! They were humanitarians and statesmen , and they had a dream- - a dream that became a reality and spread throughout the stars , a dream that made Mr. Spock and me brothers . Mr. Spock , do you consider Captain Kirk and yourself brothers ? Captain Kirk speaks somewhat figuratively ... and with undue emotion : however , what he says is logical ... and I do , in fact , agree with it . [ Laughing ] Blind ! Truly blind ! Captain Kirk is your commanding officer ! You are his subordinate and that is all . Yet , Mr. Spock , you are a worthy commander in your own right , and in my fleet you will surely have a star ship to command . Please forgive me , but exactly where is your fleet ? Out there waiting for me . They will flock to my cause , and for good reason . Limitless power ! Limitless wealth . And solar systems ruled by the elite . We , gentlemen , are that elite , and we must take what is rightfully ours ... from the decadent weaklings that now hold it . - Captain Garth- - - Lord Garth ! As you wish . At any rate , you must be aware of the fact ... that you are attempting to recreate the disaster ... which resulted in your becoming an inmate in this place . I was betrayed and treated barbarically . You were treated with justice and with compassion , which you failed to show towards any of your intended victims . Logically , therefore , one must assume- - Remove this animal ! Try some of this wine , Captain . It has a robust , full-bodied flavour which you 'll find diverting . No , thank you . I prefer to join Mr. Spock . And I prefer that you remain here . Marta , my dear . We found your little divertissement enchanting , didn 't we , Captain ? But there 's more to come . The entertainment has merely begun . - By the way , I assume you play chess . - Occasionally . So do I . How would you respond to queen to queen 's level three ? You 're aware that there are an infinite number of countermoves . I 'm interested in only one . I can 't for the life of me imagine which one . " For the life of me " is a phrase well chosen . - It could literally come to that . - Dead I am of no use to you . But I can make you long for death , beg for death . " In the midnight of November , when the dead man 's fare is nigh , and the danger in the valley , and the anger in the sky . " I wrote that this morning . Do you like it ? Yes , I think it 's very good . [ Softly ] Tell him what he wants to know . We 'll go away together . [ Whispering ] I can 't . But you must . I beg of you . Oh , don 't beg , Marta ! It 's degrading . Queen to queen 's level three , Captain . You 'll talk freely ... and quite soon . What you see before you , Captain , is my latest invention . Quite ordinary in appearance , almost primitive , wouldn 't you say ? Yes , I recognize it . It 's used for rehabilitation purposes . It helped many men back to health . Appearances can be deceiving . Once it was a part of the rehabilitation process , and as such , quite painless . And I might add useless too . It made men docile and of no use to me . I 've added certain refinements to the use of ultrasonic waves . The chair is no longer painless . Put the governor in it . Queen to queen 's level three , Captain Kirk ? It is , in fact , exquisitely painful , as you will now see . [ High-Pitched Whirring ] - [ Cory Groaning ] - Interesting , isn 't it ? The pain is real and can be prolonged indefinitely , because there is no actual destruction of tissue . Stop it ! [ Whirring Stops ] Of course , Captain . You have but to ask . Now , as you can see , he has not been harmed physically , yet the memory of the exquisite torment remains . - Queen to queen 's level three , Captain . - No . Too bad . Remove our distinguished governor . Put Captain Kirk in the chair . No , you mustn 't do that ! You really are becoming offensive to me , my dear . Don 't make it necessary for me to put you in it . [ High-Pitched Whirring ] Queen to queen 's level three , Captain Kirk . Please , stop it ! You want him , don 't you ? - Yes . - Badly enough to join him ? Listen to me , my Lord Garth . I can get him to tell me what you want to know . Might be interesting to have you try . - [ Whirring Stops ] - [ Exhales ] - No breakthrough ? - No , Mr. Scott . Still no response from the planet . Sensor readings ? The force field is weakest on the far side of the planet . We can send down a shuttlecraft ... carrying a team in environmental suits . It won 't work , Scotty . They 'd have to cover thousands of miles through poisonous atmosphere ... before they 'd ever reach the asylum . Aye . Even if they made it , they couldn 't carry anything powerful enough ... to break through the asylum dome . Only the ship herself could do that . Probably kill Jim and Spock . Doctor , they may already be dead . Slowly , darling . Slowly . Rest . Is this more of Garth 's persuasion , Marta ? I told him I 'd discover your secret . I lied . I would have told him anything to save you from that torment . I believe you mean that . I do . Oh . This is where I 've longed to be . I think I knew I loved you from the moment I first saw you . Marta . Marta , I can help you , but I must get to the Enterprise to do that . - That 's not possible . - Oh , yes , it is . It is . If I can get to the control room ... and remove the force field , then Garth is finished . Garth is my leader . He will lead you to destruction . He 's ... already destroyed the medicine that could have helped you . But there 's more medicine aboard the ship . I 'll help you , but you must wait . You do see that , don 't you ? - Soon Spock will be here and- - - Spock ? At least I 've arranged that much . How did you manage that ? A convincing lie told to a guard ... who finds me desirable . Darling . No , no . Y-You mustn 't stop me . He 's my lover and I have to kill him . [ Moans ] She seems to have worked out an infallible method ... for assuring permanent male fidelity . - Interesting . - I 'm very glad to see you . Thank you , Captain . We 're now armed . I presume we shall try to reach the control room . Yes , you presume correctly . [ Click ] Force field is now off , Captain . Kirk to Enterprise . Kirk to Enterprise . Mr. Scott , it 's the captain . Scott here , Captain . You had us worried . Mr. Scott , I want a fully armed security detail beamed down on the double . They 're already in the transporter room , sir . And have Dr. McCoy prepare additional medicine as quickly as possible . Aye , aye , sir . Captain , I suggest you return to the ship at once . Your safety is vital to the Enterprise . Waiting for your order , Captain . I also request permission to remain here in charge of the security team . - Very well , Spock . - Still waiting , Captain . Mr. Scott , the captain 's life is in immediate danger . Beam him aboard at once . The security team will be entrusted to me . Queen to queen 's level three . Repeat . Queen to queen 's level three . He 's waiting for the proper reply , Captain . [ Scotty ] Give the countersign as ordered . Scotty , Mr. Spock will give the countersign . Give him the countersign , Captain . [ Scotty ] Security detail , standby to beam down . Blast away , Captain , if you can . Do you think I 'm fool enough to give you a charged phaser ? What have you done with Spock ? Where is he ? I have done nothing with him yet , but I do have plans for him . The Vulcan will die horribly , and his death will be on your conscience . - Captain Garth- - - Lord Garth ! No , sir . Captain Garth , star ship fleet captain . That 's an honourable title . And I was the greatest of them all , wasn 't I ? Yes , you were . Yes . But you 're a sick man now , sir . - I have never been more healthy . - No . No , think . Think back to what you were ... before the accident that sent you to Antos IV . Try . I can 't remember . It 's almost as if I had died and was reborn . No , I- - I can remember . You ... were the finest student at the academy , the finest star ship captain . You were the prototype , the model for the rest of us . Yes , I do remember that . It was a great responsibility , but one I was proud to bear . And you bore it well . And the disease that changed you , it 's not your fault . And the terrible things you did since then , not truly responsible . I don 't want to hear any more . You 're weak , - and trying to drain my strength . - No , I 'm not . I want you to find what you once had , to go back to the greatness that you 've lost , Captain Garth . I am Lord Garth ! Master of the universe ! You doubt me because I have not yet had my coronation . - No , sir , listen to me . I- - - Stop ! - On your knees . - No . On your knees before me ! All the others before me have failed- - Alexander , Caesar , Napoleon , Hitler , Lee Kuan , Krotus ! All of them are dust ! But I will triumph ! I will make the ultimate conquest ! The throne must be higher . It must be higher than anything else in this room . Mmm , use that table as a pedestal . Ah , welcome back , Captain Kirk . I 'm glad you could make it for the coronation . Coronation ? Yes . Oh , I know that even a real throne is no more than merely a chair , but the symbolism is important , don 't you agree ? Yes , I agree . You 'll wear a crown too , I presume ? But again , just as a token . It will serve as a standard around which our followers will rally . Garth , you have only a handful of men . You do refuse to enter into the spirit of the thing , don 't you , Captain ? Perhaps you 'd like a larger role in the ceremony . You could serve as human sacrifice . No , I wouldn 't enjoy that at all . Besides , you seem to need me alive . How true . All right , uh ... how about crown prince ? That would make you our heir apparent . Heir apparent , I believe , is the proper role for you . Besides , we have other candidates for our human sacrifice . Who knows ? Ready . Well , since there is no one mighty enough to perform this ceremony , we 'll perform it ourselves . Therefore , we hereby proclaim that I am ... Lord Garth , master of the universe . And we designate our beloved Marta ... to be our consort . And we further designate Captain James Kirk of the star ship Enterprise ... to be our heir apparent . Let 's now remove our heir apparent , that we may conclude this ceremony . [ Door Opens ] Listen to me . This may be our last chance- - Garth will destroy all of us unless you help me stop him . And he 's using you , because he wants the power for himself . I brought something that might have cured you , but he destroyed it . If I can get a patrol down , they 'd bring more- - Oh ! Well done . Well , Captain , you continue to resist . How stupid of you . Put him in that chair right here . I 've arranged a small entertainment . I wouldn 't want him to miss any of it . Well , Captain , even you must admit that I 'm a genius . What you see here is my latest invention . This is an explosive , the most powerful one in history . If I were to drop this flask , the resulting explosion would vaporize this planet . Now do you see why it is ridiculous to resist me ? Well , perhaps you require ... the demonstration I 've arranged . Watch closely . Now , it is true that she is deadly as a poisonous serpent : but she is also a beautiful woman , and you have held her in your arms , Captain . I 've ordered my men to drive her out of the protective dome . And , of course , she would choke to death on the outside in minutes , but I 've arranged a more merciful end for her ... because after all , Captain , she is my consort . One tiny crystal implanted in her necklace , a portion of this explosive no bigger than a grain of sand . I propose to detonate it from here . Oh , poor girl . Poor , dear , suffering child . I will help her now . There 's been an explosion on Elba Il ! - Point nine five ! - It must 've wiped out everything ! Immediate probe ! Is the force field in place , Mr. Sulu ? - Yes , sir . Solidly . - Life continues to exist on the planet . - Got to break through it somehow ! - Doctor , I told you we couldn 't do it without killing everyone in the asylum dome . I know it , Scotty . Well , there 's one last thing we might try . Perhaps the ship 's phasers can cut through ... the force field at its weakest point . - Where did you say that was located ? - On the far side of the planet . Will it leave a margin of safety for the people below ? - Yes , sir . - Prepare to change orbital path . Orbital coordinates released , sir . Break synchronous orbit . Come to course 1 - 4 mark 6-8 . Course 1-4 mark 6-8 . Synchronous orbit re-established , sir . Ship 's phasers to narrow beam . - Ship 's phasers ready , sir . - Let 's punch a hole in it . Full power . Another blast , full power . Force field 's still holding , sir . Here . [ Garth Laughing ] How are your nerves , Kirk ? All I can say , Garth- - if it happens to me , it happens to you . You 're an extraordinary fellow , Kirk . Your stubbornness defies all logic . Logic , that is the key . Your friend Spock is a logical man . A very logical man . Go and bring the Vulcan here to me . [ Electrical Crackling ] [ Click ] [ Click ] Spock is not only a more logical man than you , Captain , he 's a more intelligent one , I 'm sure . I shall establish a rapport with him . [ Beeping ] [ Click ] Fascinating . Your Vulcan friend is a very ingenious fellow . This could be most amusing . - That 's Garth . Stun him . - Hold it , Spock ! That 's Garth ! Look at me carefully , Spock . Can 't you tell I 'm your captain ? Queen to queen 's level three . I won 't answer that . That 's exactly what he wants to know . Very clever , Garth . That 's exactly what I was going to say . What are you doing ? Arranging to beam down a security team . Are there any objections ? Yes . They may walk into a trap . That 's right . Garth can destroy us . Fascinating . What maneuver did we use ... to defeat the Romulan vessel near Tau Ceti ? Very good , Spock . The Cochran deceleration . Spock , you know ... the Cochran deceleration 's a classic battle maneuver . Every star ship captain knows that . Agreed , Captain . Captains . Gentlemen , whichever one of you is Captain Garth ... must be expending a great deal of energy to maintain the image of Captain Kirk . That energy level cannot be maintained indefinitely , and I have time . I 'm your captain , Spock ! Can 't you tell ? Shoot ! Shoot ! You must shoot , but shoot both of us . It 's the only way to ensure the safety of the Enterprise . Captain Kirk , I presume . Mr. Spock . - Spock to Enterprise . - [ Scotty ] Enterprise here . Queen to queen 's level three . Queen to king 's level one . Will intramuscular injection be satisfactory ? Intravenous is indicated unless circumstances make it impossible . How long before it takes effect , Dr. McCoy ? Reversal of arterial and brain damage should begin almost immediately . [ Low-Pitched Whirring ] - [ Click ] - [ Whirring Stops ] Captain Garth , I 'm James Kirk . I am Mr. Spock , science officer on a star ship . The star ship Enterprise . Star ship ? Star ship ? Yes , sir , the Enterprise . I 'm the captain . Can I help you ? No , Captain . The medicine seems to be taking effect . I can manage . It 's very encouraging . - Should I know you , sir ? - No , Captain . No . - Mr. Spock . - Yes , Captain . Tell me , why was it so impossible to tell the difference between us ? It was not impossible , Captain . - Our presence here is proof of that . - Yes , a-and congratulations . What took you so long ? The interval of uncertainty was actually fairly brief , Captain . It only seemed long to you . I was waiting for a victor in the struggle , which I assumed would be Captain Garth . Because of your depleted condition . Failing a resolution to the struggle , I was forced to use other means to make my determination . I see . Mr. Spock , um , letting yourself be hit on the head , and I presume you let yourself be hit on the head , is not exactly a method King Solomon would have approved . Mr. Scott , ready to beam up . Aye , aye , sir .
