 What sounds like a fairy tale today , may be tomorrow 's reality . Here 's a fairy tale from the day after tomorrow . There are no more nations . Only humanity and its colonies in space . Distant stars have been settled . The ocean beds are inhabited . Space ships cross the galaxy at unimaginable speeds . One such ship is the Orion . A small link in a great chain of defense against threats from space . Let 's join Orion and her crew on patrol at the edges of infinity ... 5 . Battle for the Sun Subtitles by Anders M Olsson Damn . We aren 't drunk , are we ? Maybe just a bit hung over ? May I ask what 's going on ? You may . The planetoid N116A , which we have routinely approached , has a completely unexpected atmosphere and temperature . If we assume that the data we 've been given is correct , then N116A should be just as sterile as ... Here 's what we expected , rocks and desert . But watch this : Distinct short vegetation , organic life . Do you know of the extraordinary meetings at the committee for bio-control ? No . I don 't work for Intelligence . Those meetings aren 't secret . If you had devoted some of your free time to more important matters ... I don 't meddle in your free time . That 's where the shoe pinches . But since you 're so well informed , perhaps you can explain N116A ? What stops you from landing and seeing for yourself ? Only the fear for my security officer who usually reports my initiatives to at least ten authorities . Let me ease your mind . Lieutenant Jagellovsk to engineering . Ready for landing , magnetic cushions on ! Is that an order , Cliff ? It sure is ! Come on ! Now , really ! And it 's hot too . The instruments are OK . Do you think I would have chased you out if they weren 't ? Look ! Plants ! A herd of sheep would make the idyll complete . I assume you expect a lady shepherd to go with it ? Major , will you bring both plants and rock samples ? Yes of course . Will do . I 'll be brief . This is N116A as it 's always been . And here are the recordings of commander McLane . And the plant samples ? On their way to the institute . Even before the evaluation , some distinct connections show up . Which ones ? You see , general , we 've made some disturbing observations . One very obvious : The persistent and , for the season , unnatural heat . I 'd say . We wouldn 't have endured without our ocean bed dwellings . Do you know that the temperature in the Arctic Seas is grotesque ? The poles melt . The glaciers give off enormous amounts of melted ice , causing daily floods . There must be a cause ! Yes , general . Something we can 't ignore . The energy balance of the sun has been seriously upset . More precisely ? Inside the sun , hydrogen is converted to helium . 4.3 million tons of the sun 's mass is radiated every second . Its loss of mass is too large . 9.8 million tons . - More than twice as much . - Unnatural prominences , solar flares now lasting three times as long as normal , 120 minutes . And what are the practical consequences for us ? If the development continues , there will at first be huge tidal waves , then the Earth will be turned into a wasteland . And what 's the connection with McLane 's observations at N116A ? The sun 's radiation , while mortal to us , may turn a distant planet into a paradise . The beginning of that can be seen on N116A . Even Intelligence has made a note of that . Question is if it 's a freak of nature or if someone 's trying to create earth-like conditions on N116A ? Artificially heating the sun ? It can 't be ruled out . Is it even possible ? Not for us . So it 's aliens . The frogs ! The frogs ? They are probably somewhere in the Hunting Dogs nebula . Our sun is rather uninteresting from there . Then there are aliens who are unknown to us . Maybe , maybe not . But we must soon find out who 's behind it ... And if it 's only a cosmic phenomenon ? Then humanity will have to look around for another planet . When Cliff and I went swimming in the Euphra-lakes ... You spend a lot of time together , privately ? We have much in common . Hobbies , I mean . Music , films , sports . The major is a man of many interests . I wish he was a better dancer . Have you danced with Cliff ? No , but I guess I haven 't missed anything . You know , it 's like ... he can 't let himself go when he 's dancing . - Do you know what I mean ? - No , but I bet you 'll explain . - Cliff is a man who ... - Cliff is a man who 's trying to sleep . Turn off the intercom . Your chatter is heard all over the ship . He always hears what he isn 't supposed to hear . Are you sure he wasn 't supposed to hear ? Radio beacon EAS4 calling the Orion 8 , over . What might they want ? This is the Orion 8 , officer on duty Helga Legrelle . Message from the space patrol . Your observations at N116A have been very useful to us . Absolute secrecy ! New orders : Head for the other planets of that belt . Check for similar changes . Signed general Wamsler . EAS4 to Orion 8 . Is that understood ? That 's understood . End . Another fine mission . Going over the entire N-group . That means 30 days more in space . 30 days without a chance to teach McLane to dance and to " let himself go " . - How am I doing , Cliff ? - You don 't seem too pleased ? - Isn 't our work rather childish ? - That 's what we get paid for . On every planetoid the same moss and grass , and then some moss for a change . And then the weather . - Be thankful that we don 't need pressure suits . - Cliff , do you read ? Yes , where are you ? We followed the rock gutter to its end . - There 's a nice view from here . - And ... ? We 've found something strange . There 's a shuttle down there , but it 's none of ours . - Occupied ? - Can 't tell from here . - Stay put , we 're coming . - Atan 's already approached it . I tried to stop him . What a fool ! Not only is he inexperienced ... Hello kids . You almost frightened me . From Earth ? Where else ? What are you doing here ? It 's a long story . Looking for lilies of the valley . - Are you alone ? - Where 's your space-ship ? - What should I tell you first ? - You 'll come with us . Get in ! - I won 't . - Do I have to force you ? First tell me who you are , and what you want . I 'll ask the questions ! May I ask for a favor ? May I have a look at your guns ? That model is new to me . - They work . You can rely on that ! - Stay away from our guns ! Cliff , they are threatening him with their guns . Where are you ? We 're on our way . Please hurry ! If you 've got time to wait , I 'll be happy to introduce you . - Is the major alone ? - No , he 's with two officers . Then it 's two against four . Commander McLane is a very nice man . He would love to talk to you . Get in ! Get going ! - Commander ... - I 'm no commander . Hurry up ! You 'll regret this ! At our place , you 'll recover from your pains at a sanatorium . Now get in ! Too late , Cliff . He 's already inside . - Shall I shoot at the shuttle ? - What about Atan ? You must aim to disable it . Give up and drop your weapons ! Get out ! Mario , take care of Atan ! Where were you going to take him ? Who are you ? Where do you come from ? We 're scientists . Researchers . Is that so ? Aren 't we all ? Who do you work for , and what are you researching ? You don 't talk to anyone ? Let me introduce myself : Commander McLane of the Orion 8 . On disciplinary assignment at the space patrol . Now listen : Either you tell me who sent you , or you 'll accompany us at our continued journey . Cliff ... A word with you . What is it ? I 've never seen a model like that in my life . You mean ... ? If those two are from Earth , I 'm the emperor of China . - But they speak like us ? - I 'm sorry . There 's no such vessel on Earth . Even the material is alien . - How is he ? - He asks for a whiskey . - And the other ? - Asleep for now . Our boy must have hit him hard . So you won 't reveal where you 're from ? Then I must ask you to come with us to Earth . There we have relatively painless ways to find out everything that you 're so desperately keeping to yourself . Walk on ! - We 'll take the shuttle as well . - Will do ! And the brain wave test is reliable ? Is fraud impossible ? Unfortunately not . Both were subjects to a mind block . Once broken , it all came clear . - It appears that on ... - Chroma . On Chroma , there 's a human race or nation outside terrestrial control . Do you call that " clear " ? How is it at all possible ? I 'll bounce that question back to the supreme commander . According to available documents , it 's people from the former Neptune colony who joined the rebels . More than 400 years ago . And according to the electronic records of that time , everyone from the revolting colonies returned to Earth . Apparently not everyone . There 's without a doubt a small human world on Chroma which has developed its own laws , technology , science , and so on . Unbelievable . A new continent , outside Earth . You might say that . Is it known why Chroma hasn 't made contact ? They 're humans like us . That 's the most difficult question . I have only theories . Not too flattering for us . Simply put : They don 't want anything to do with us . Why not ? Perhaps we didn 't behave very well in the two galactic wars . We assume they don 't recognize our authority . Can such be concealed from the brainwave monitors ? Don 't forget that the captured men are rather insignificant characters . A geologist and a biochemist on a partial mission . The interesting part is that their mission was to examine the puzzling developments at the N-group , the sprouting vegetation that 's also of interest to us . But one thing startled us . They knew what we could only assume : The organic life is a direct result of the intensified solar radiation . In other words : For Chroma , these are no unexpected phenomena but calculated results . That would mean that Chroma is behind ... No , that 's impossible . The interrogations continue . The government must be informed . Done . The offices of science and bio-control have been brought in . The government gets all current information from the central computer . You 'll be informed as soon as a decision is made . Stay in range . Excuse me , I am in range . So is Chroma . From seven of our space stations . - When ? - At all times . May I remind you that the people of Chroma has the ability to heat the sun ? We don 't . They might be superior to us in other ways . We didn 't even know they existed . I only know that Chroma is a small star with Earth-like conditions , and that its energy source is probably dying . Thus the experiments . At our expense . Perhaps we should contact them before resorting to violence ? An ultimatum ? Certainly not ! That might provoke a preemptive strike . Above all , we 're not sure that Chroma is behind the solar flares . The results of the central computer are ready . Chroma has been found responsible for the intensified solar flares . You 're summoned to an extraordinary meeting . That means war . Go by yourself , Mario ! I 'm too tired to dance . Dancing isn 't important . Don 't be a kill-joy ! Not in the mood . What shall I do with two girls ? When I come along , you always say that I pick up the girl who 's your type . CQ13-1A , switch to channel X ! Urgent call from the science center . Take care , Mario ! They 're paging me . Do you have a girlfriend at the science center too ? Major McLane ? Sorry to bother you . I have an important question . - Yes , who are you ? - Doctor Stass , department 3A . Question : The rock samples from N116A and N108 , - Yes ? - Are they really from there ? Where else ? Might there have been a mix-up ? - Do you take me for a fool ? - Certainly not . Thanks for the information . Why do you ask ? The samples contain solar matter . And ... ? We might get new energy sources , by heating up the planetoids to solar temperatures , activating them as radiation sources . That probably doesn 't mean anything to you . Sorry to have bothered you . Good evening . Good evening . Space patrol 172815 . Space patrol , general Wamsler 's office . I must urgently speak to the general . And send me a submarine . Sorry , the general is in an important meeting . I still need to talk to him . That 's impossible , major McLane . He mustn 't be disturbed . Good evening . RQ 15 2D Hello ? Have I reached Tama ... lieutenant Jagellovsk ? - Yes , commander McLane ? - It 's urgent . - Why don 't you turn on the camera ? - Guess three times ! I guess you have a visitor . No , no , I 'm not dressed . I 've drawn a bath . You must be kidding . Only your face and neck will show . Yes , but my neck seems so private with nothing on . One moment . What 's on fire ? Nothing yet . But that may soon change unless I get to meet your superior at once . - Colonel Villa , now ? - Yes , immediately . - But he 's in a meeting . - That 's why I need you . Request to speak to him by alpha-order . I 'll be there in half an hour . I may have to pay dear for that . Don 't you know that the decision about Chroma will be made tonight ? That 's what it 's all about ! So get going ! Ok , I 'll try . Thanks . And by the way - nice bathrobe . Especially when you forget to button it . Then I don 't see why dr . Schiller hasn 't used that argument . The discovery was only made a few hours ago . Besides , I know him . He doesn 't tell anything that hasn 't been examined over and over again . We 'll lose days and weeks ... Assuming that the N-group really contains solar matter ... Then it 's the opinion of dr . Stass that we can use the planetoids for energy . And so can Chroma . Then there 's no need to heat our sun . That makes a military action against Chroma unnecessary . We can negotiate . Negotiate ? With whom ? There 's a bunch of mad scientists at Chroma who will slowly dry us up . Left over rebels from the first galactic war . Not a great partner for negotiations . - But they 're humans , colonel . - Who spell disaster for us . Tell me honestly , colonel : Have we ever asked ourselves what damage our inventions do to other people in space ? You 're a little philosopher , McLane . Nowadays it 's a rare hobby . I know . Instead computers decide about war and peace . Not quite true . The government hasn 't made a decision yet . We only know that the central computer recommends a preemptive strike against Chroma . Fire at will for the generals ? No , no . There are opponents against the action . Please give McLane a chance ! What would you like to do ? Give me a special assignment : Departure for Chroma in two hours . Call on their authorities . We don 't even know who they are . That 's why it can only be done unofficially . Neither the government nor high ranking officers can do it , but I , the simple McLane , can do it on a secret mission . And if you 're vaporised before you 've even landed ? Not if the two scientists from Chroma come along . They will be our contact . Yes , that might work . I must speak to the minister . Drum up the crew ! And dr . Stass must bring his documents about the rock samples . - I 'll try . - Problems ? It may get rough once the strategists learn about the rock samples . I doubt Villa will tell Kublai-Krim or Wamsler . It 's a deal , McLane . You 'll get your instructions at deep sea base 4 . - Thanks , colonel . - And McLane ... You 'll be on your own . No one will know a thing if the Orion gets lost in space . I understand . And time is running out . I know . What you don 't know is that a dam has been flooded in the Himalayas . Still , the government awaits , against military advice . But any more disasters will trigger an attack within 48 hours . And nobody will miss you . - No one does anyway . - Except the female cadette corps . One more thing : You must not present an ultimatum . Threats may make them push the button . We don 't know which buttons they have . I guess we 're there . Orion from Earth calling Chroma . Orion from Earth calling Chroma . In ten minutes we 'll pass Retuka 1-7-8-1 . Chroma , do you read ? Go get one of the Chroma-men ! - Cliff , I 've got a faint contact with moving objects . - Stay on it ! - Shouldn 't you turn on the force field ? - No , that may be misinterpreted . The slightest misunderstanding , and it will all be in vain . Hasso , medium speed . I 'd like to be able to stop on the spot ! Trust me ! Space surveillance to the commander . Four UFOs at a constant distance . 146 , 146 , 146 - constant ! They 're escorting us from a distance . Orion calling Chroma . Do you read ? Are you ready to speak to the Chroma space surveillance ? Commander McLane calling Chroma space surveillance . Calling the escorting ships . I come in peace . We 're approaching Chroma at coordinates 10-BL-25 . Two of your scientists are on board . We 're returning them unharmed . Here 's one of them now . This is Wahlheim from department 9 . Calling space station TORR-4 . TORR-4 , do you read ? This is Chroma station TORR-4 . Calling the ship from Earth . Head for coordinates 11-BL-04 ! Head for coordinates 11-BL-04 ! Enter orbit at a distance of 4000 . End . Chroma to Orion 8 . You 're clear to land at space base 10 . After the fourth revolution , set final speed and distance 1000 . Orion 8 to Chroma . A question : Will the landing take place automatically in a shaft ? If so , please send programming data for the automatic landing . What 's that supposed to mean ? Do they think I can take her down manually ? Fourth revolution complete . Orion 8 to Chroma . Now setting landing speed and distance 1000 . Look at that ! A garden of Eden ! - Do you see a welcoming committee ? - Did you expect a guard of honor ? Ready for landing , Hasso ! Ready for landing ! Look Hasso ! They have the same kind of nature reserves as we do . But why land here ? - Wrong coordinates ? - How about looking around ? Security center to Orion 8 . Do you read ? We do . Commander McLane , do you have a shuttle ? We 've got four of them . Enter a shuttle with the two scientists and head for coordinates 11-BN-05 . But only yourself and the two scientists . Lovely voice ! Can 't we get video ? - What 's 11-BN-05 ? - We 'll be waiting there . The rest of the crew must stay aboard , or stay within 200 meters of the ship . The landing area is magnetically shielded . Understood . Have the coordinates 11-BN-05 been converted for terrestrial automation ? Yes . Now , get going ! I 'll bring one of your men . The other one stays as security . - Very well . Now , get going ! - Mario , prepare shuttle 1 . Is it wise to go alone ? They want it that way . I wish we knew who they are , or what they look like . I 've been here for more than an hour now . Don 't you enjoy our company ? I do , and I 'd love to spend my vacation here . But if I 'll have to wait too long , I may not get a vacation . Have a smoke while you wait ! Our space travelers aren 't allowed to smoke . Do you put up with that ? Typical for Earth . Bans , regulations , commands . Is nothing forbidden here ? Little things . Then give me my communicator ! That 's one of the little things . The mistress at office 4 says ... Don 't you have any men ? Why yes . Look out there ! Are men on Chroma only allowed to work as gardeners ? Gardeners , technicians , scientists . Specialists . Or soldiers in the guard of honor . Yes , that 's harmless . Besides that , they may of course contribute to a pleasant life . Girls , don 't confuse the poor major . He may come in now . - Who was that ? - She ! - Who 's " she " ? - She ! You may speak to her now . I 'd like to see the boss , the superior . The one in charge ! You wanted to see me , commander McLane ? And you are ... ? The one you call " the boss " . The superior ? For your matter , yes . Listen closely : The matter is of vital importance , both to Chroma and to the Earth . Women are in charge of matters of " vital importance " here . Get used to that ! I 'm not in the mood for jokes . Neither am I. Are the women really in command on Chroma ? Incredible . It 's worked well . So far , perhaps . But since you started to heat up the sun ... That was an idea of our scientists . Math and technology is for the men . But for common sense , we don 't hold them in high esteem . Then I appeal to your female sense : Please cancel the experiments ! Those experiments aren 't for fun . We need more solar energy in order to survive here . And we want to survive . So do we . Your earth has fought two terrible wars , just for the sake of power . We 've learnt not to lust for power . We want a peaceful world without space conquering ambitions , without colonization , without hyperspace fleets and generals . But at our expense . We 'll dry up unless you stop . I didn 't know that . - I 've got evidence . - It will be evaluated . - When ? It 's urgent ! - Are you threatening me ? The Earth is going towards a disaster . So it 's your world or ours . A mean question : Which is better , the survival of a peaceful world , or one of warriors who throughout history has been dependent on wars . You 're descended from that world yourself . This female colony isn 't even 500 years old . You 're a child of Earth . A child of bad parents must free herself to gain success . That 's only a cliché . We 're facing never-ending disasters . Glaciers melt , epidemics break out . While you 're making reflections upon the value of our Earth . How can you be so arrogant ? I 'm not used to that tone from a man . Your male workers probably don 't voice their opinion . Now listen to what I think about your amazon circus ! Afterwards , you 're welcome to make me labor in your gardens . Go ahead . I 'll listen , major McLane . Lend us an ear , lieutenant . An encoded message is coming in from Intelligence . - When did it come through ? - Two minutes ago . But it took several hours to clear up the frequency . Orion 8 , lieutenant Jagellovsk . Beta-X 27 8 4 19 8 . Gamma-X Chroma 84 37 . 4 11 56 1 94 beta-X . Understood . End . It 's serious . There seems to have been another flood . They 're mounting a preemptive strike . When ? - In six hours . - We 've got to get away from here . - And if we can 't reach McLane ? - I won 't leave without Cliff . The magnetic shield stops us from leaving . Emergency liftoff at escape velocity ? Possible , but risky . At least it 's a chance . - Where 's the man from Chroma ? - He 's asleep . - Why ? - We might put him to use . - Which means ? - I 'll talk to him . - Would you like a drink ? - Please . - Major ? - Yes . Thanks . Madam , - I don 't know where to begin ... - Maybe you 'd like to shout some more ? Which sun is that ? Xun 1 . But it 's cooling off , thus the experiments . - That 's why I 'm here . - Not a pleasant task . Sadly no . It 's beautiful on Chroma . At the " amazon circus " ? Yes , " Penthesilea " . For an officer , you 're well versed in classic literature . Just a few well-known quotations . Penthesilea was the queen who killed her lover . Yes , and thereby herself . The rock samples are in the lab . If we reach the same conclusions ... Then we only know that the N-belt contains solar matter . We won 't know for weeks if any energy can be extracted . As soon as I know , I will cancel the experiments . Then it will be too late ! Is that an ultimatum ? Colonel , is it true that you 've sent McLane to the area without my consent ? What if I had done the same to you ? If I had sent your best man away , Villa , would you put up with that ? I would have asked for the reason . Ok . I 'm asking . And I 'd also like to know what he 's doing there . McLane has gone to Chroma at his own request . And why all this secrecy ? There 's a reason for that as well . I thought McLane was on vacation . Then I learnt that the Orion is on Chroma . And you know its destiny . Yes . I can 't prevent that . And not that McLane gets killed in the process ? I 've sent an encoded message about the upcoming attack . Jagellovsk understands the code . So McLane has been cautioned . And if he 's being detained ? If he 's arrested ? That 's the risk he had to take . Tell me McLane , are you authorized to hold this conversation ? - Not officially . - So the answer is no ? - Right . - So it 's your own responsibility ? - Yes . - Why ? I can 't tell . Why didn 't they send one of your politicians or generals ? I guess we 're not good enough for an official delegation . And I 'm not good enough for you ? Why yes ! I 'll make sure your stay on Chroma will be a pleasant one . Then start by canceling the solar experiments . You 're repeating yourself . Can 't you pause until the rock samples have been analyzed ? I 've considered that , but it would delay the project by several years . What 's a year or two ... - Do you hear ? - What is it ? A nightingale . On Earth , they are long extinct . - You 'll be arrested at once . - I count on it . I 'll be interrogated . And I won 't bend until they let me talk to McLane . And then ? He 'll understand my reasons . And then he can simply say goodbye and accompany you back to the ship - for an escape ? - That 's the only way . You can of course try to get away without McLane . And without me . How noble . But do you think they will let you launch in peace ? - The shuttle will be crushed by the magnetic shield . - Not if I take the Chroma-man along . It doesn 't matter anyway , since Chroma will be destroyed in a few hours . So you would rather sit down and wait for a miracle ? Another stupid question : What stops you from trying an escape with the Orion right now ? What do you say , Mario ? I say shuttle 2 . In three minutes . I 'll get the Chroma-man . Atan , tell them who 's in the shuttle , and ask them politely to let us live . One moment ! Does that mean ... That we 'll try to release the major . Taking risks is a job for Hasso and me . Nevertheless , I believe a woman can do more on Chroma than two men . Excuse me ? Why is that ? According to our guest , women are in charge on Chroma . - Then you 'll need specialists . - You 're staying here ! It 's an alpha-order . I 'll go . Always alpha-orders when you 're out of arguments . But be my guest . I 'll prepare the shuttle . Atan , inform them ! Attention Chroma ! Orion 8 calling the head of security . In a moment , we 'll launch a shuttle . Don 't endanger it . One of your own will be aboard . Is that clear ? Chroma to Orion 8 . We absolutely forbid you to launch a shuttle . The shuttle launches in two minutes . Counter-measures may harm your own man . Shuttle 2 ready . The automation has been programmed for coordinates 11-BN-05 . Shuttle 2 , checklist ! Fuel . Oxygen . Radio . Batteries . Checklist complete ! Ignition ! Good luck ! - So . They got started . - Question is where to ? She 's brave alright . I thought she would chicken out . I may be committing a breach of duty . I 'll tell you something that I 'm not allowed to disclose . So why do it ? Because I trust you . And ... ? All space stations in the vicinity of Chroma are at full alert . Any incident caused by the solar experiments will automatically launch a preemptive strike against Chroma . Your nightingales won 't live long . Will your government risk an attack while you 're still here ? You 're overrating my significance . I 'm here at my own risk . I 'll expedite the evaluation of the rock samples . Some more to drink ? Don 't you understand ... You 'll send the following message to Earth : The prominences can only be controlled from Chroma . What good is an attack that destroys the controls , the only way to restore the sun 's radiation back to normal ? Is it true ? Not entirely . You really have the nerve . You 're putting it all at stake . So do you . We haven 't got women like you . Yet . And we haven 't got men like you . Any longer . And this is the house of government ? Have you been here before ? Better let them think I 've brought you here by violence . Strange . They must know that we 're coming . They don 't seem to mind . - Do you know where the lightwave central is ? - Yes . - What 's up ? - We 've got visitors . What should I do ? Patch the video through ! - Is there nothing but corridors ? - We 're almost there . Tamara ! Very interesting ! One of your crew forces her way into the government building . What do you hope to achieve ? It 's without my knowledge . Who is she ? My security officer . She seeks me out . That must mean ... We 'll soon know . You 'll be in custody until the incident has been cleared up . While you 're there , think of what you 're going to tell Earth . Only one message can stop the development now . It reads : " The solar experiments cease immediately . " Arrest her ! Lieutenant Jagellovsk ? Do you read ? Tamara ? She 's gone . - She 's been arrested . - So far , so good . So far . But then what ? We don 't know where they are . Only that this star will soon explode . Lieutenant Jagellovsk . Congratulations ! Well done ! McLane , the action has started . We must get away from here ! Then take my arm , and we 'll leave ! - But Chroma will be destroyed ! - What do you want me to do about it ? - Have you spoken to her ? - What do you think ? She explained to me what a nightingale is . Did she flirt with you ? I even told her what will happen if the experiments continue . Is she pretty ? Is she what ? - I asked if she 's pretty . - What a sense of humor . - Why care about that now ? - Maybe I 'm jealous . What do you mean ? Usually you get it much quicker . You must have suffered . Yes , I have . Ever so often . Cliff , we 're doomed . Now I 'm calm . Calm ? Yes , your kiss is only so-so . Still , it 's a pity that we 've fought so often . Yes . A waste of time . It looks like you 've had a good time . If you by pure pride will allow your planet to explode , at least keep your cheap cynicism to yourself ! Just say it ! Why do you always get so excited , major McLane ? You 're still alive . Yes . That must be by pure luck , or a mistake . Lieutenant Jagellovsk has informed me of the attack against Chroma . It should already have begun . That information is no longer current , major . The experiments have been canceled , and the Earth has been informed . Is it true ? Why would I lie to you ? Why did you change your mind ? I realized that an attack was coming when you explained how the Earth was affected by our experiments . And I noticed that you were pressed for time . But why did you wait until the last minute ? I refused to believe that your generals would strike while you were still here . I was mistaken . Nothing has changed on Earth over the last 500 years . We can only give up and hope for the outcome of the analysis . Does that mean that we 're free to return ? Orion and her crew are free to return . Thank you very much . I 'll have fond memories of my time on Chroma . I hope so . Because it 's only just begun . What 's that supposed to mean ? There will be lengthy negotiations between our planets . I 've asked your government to station you here for that time . As a contact . It 's true that the Earth is too good for official diplomatic relations but even unofficial relations may improve the climate . What will be my duties ? There 's a lot to do for a competent man like you . Consultation , education , training of officers , and so on . Maybe we 've exaggerated the female influence . Men like you might correct that single-minded development . What did the supreme space command say ? They laughed like us . McLane up there ... What 's so funny about that ? Who knows what they 'll do to him ? What can they do ? How long do you think the negotiations will take ? That depends on how long McLane puts up with it . You were there , lieutenant . Do you think she 's in love with him ? I know nothing of the mind of more mature women . There are younger ones as well . One thing is beyond me . She should have met the whole crew before selecting a contact . Then you would have been on Chroma now ? Who else ? !
