 What sounds like a fairy tale today , may be tomorrow 's reality . Here 's a fairy tale from the day after tomorrow . There are no more nations . Only humanity and its colonies in space . Distant stars have been settled . The ocean beds are inhabited . Space ships cross the galaxy at unimaginable speeds . One such ship is the Orion . A small link in a great chain of defense against threats from space . Let 's join Orion and her crew on patrol at the edges of infinity ... 7 . Invasion Subtitles by Anders M Olsson Listen , McLane , what 's gotten into your head ? I can 't always make exceptions . You 're sentenced to patrol duty , and that 's it ! I 'm not asking for exceptions . But if Space Command has no better use for me , I may just as well resign . Do you want to leave ? Great ! Running away at the slightest inconvenience . - Since my suspension ... - Which is none of your fault ? I don 't pretend to be innocent . But I didn 't join Space Fleet to perform simple routine tasks . Calm down , McLane . Another 6 months and your suspension is over . Once you 're back with the Combat Units , you can do what you want . Pull yourself together now . General , distress signals from the Tau . They are in trouble . Switch to orbital station 1 . Transmission via Transpluto 0 / 3 ! Calling Transpluto 0 / 3 . Calling Transpluto and the orbital station . This is Secret Service cruiser Tau , under Commander Lindley . Please confirm my distress signal . Transpluto to Tau . We read you . We are without controls and energy . We 're caught in a solar storm . That 's terrible . You know who 's aboard the Tau ? Colonel Villa and his staff . - Villa ? - How horrible , if they ... Launch 492 for space station Gordon . Situation is hopeless . I 've never seen such a powerful solar storm . I repeat . This is Secret Service cruiser Tau , under Commander Lindley . Situation is hopeless . I 've never seen such a powerful solar storm . Entire energy supply blocked . We can 't get out . It 's not a solar storm , Lindley . These are oscillating gravity waves ! There 's only one chance . Enter the shuttles ! - We 'll be killed for sure . - Only if we stay here . And if we don 't hurry up , the launchers may fail , too . Distance to Gordon ? Still 492 . We 're stuck like a ... Get shuttles 1 to 4 ready . We 'll try to reach Gordon . I won 't leave before you report about the oscillating gravity fields . Crucial information . Colonel , be reasonable . We have to get out ! Earth has to know . It could be an extraterrestrial attack . Prepare lightwave to Space Command and Space Patrol . You 've got nerve . This is Colonel Villa aboard the Tau . Calling Space Command and Space Patrol ! I think the Tau is trapped in antigravitational fields . Understood ? Understood ! Understood ! It 's not a normal solar storm , but oscillating gravity fields . Similar to McLane 's situation a while ago . Extraterrestrial activity possible . We 're forced to enter the shuttles . Our energy has been depleted . We 'll try to reach Gordon in the shuttles . Chances are minimal . Tau ! Calling Tau ! Please respond ! Nothing . Looks like they are gone . Why are you still here ? Contact Gordon ! We have to know what 's going on . Gordon hasn 't noticed . Nonsense . Gordon must have noticed a hurricane of gravity fields . Try again ! And then get me Space Command ! I 'm calling for an emergency meeting and an investigation . Yes , General . What was Villa doing out there , General ? Doesn 't the head of Secret Service belong behind his desk ? Not if the circumstances call for it . And did they ? I don 't know if we 'll ever know . Villa used to show his hand only if he was absolutely certain . So , I 'll go to the Supreme Commander , and you carry out your mission . Wait a moment ... Didn 't Villa mention your name ? Yes , since I too came across oscillating gravity fields at MZ4 . Then postpone your departure . The commission may need your expertise . - But you never liked the Secret Service ? - With one exception . Villa was a great man and a great boss . I still can 't believe it . Yes , he was smarter than most . Naming no names . I 'll be eternally grateful that he allowed me to fly to Chroma , when everyone else called for war ! Even if he seemed like a cold intellectual , he was really an idealist , a pacifist of the universe . I hope his successor won 't be the opposite . If you want to sound me out , McLane , give it up . It 's so secret that nobody knows about it . Major McLane , here 's an order from Space Patrol . Thanks , honey , thanks . I 'll be ... Villa 's alive ! What ? Yes . He and his staff reached Gordon in their shuttles . Only Lindley and the crew seem to be lost . But how ? Villa is aboard the Zephir . He 'll be here in three days . I 've been summoned to a meeting at Space Command . I can 't tell you , dear Villa , how happy we all are . We had given up hope . I really can 't explain how we managed to reach Gordon in that solar storm . Did you say solar storm ? Yes , solar storm . But in your last transmission from the Tau you said something about ... What was that again ? Oscillating gravity fields ! You said they could have been the result of extraterrestrial activities . Yes , I remember , I can 't deny that I said something like that . But honestly , I had lost all control over what I said . No doubt did Colonel Villa suffer a heavy shock . You must forgive us for heaping questions upon you . But your last message from the Tau had us worried sick . Gentlemen , whatever I said in the transmission , there certainly were no extraterrestrial activities . The catastrophe simply made me see ghosts . I apologize . No need to apologize . Not everyone can stay as cool as McLane . A versatile brain , like that of Colonel Villa , may , simply put , see ghosts in moments of excitement , and develop obsessions . So you 're attaching a certain level of primitiveness to my brain ? - No , I wouldn 't say that ... - May I ask a question ? My opinion is that there 's nothing wrong with the first explanation . Discharges , blocked propulsion . That 's what I encountered at MZ4 . And if I had been closer ... So what 's your question ? Why are you so sure that it was only a solar storm ? You may be aware that Gordon has registered only a normal solar storm . That " normal solar storm " could be a result of artificial gravity fields . Commander Lindley said it was only a solar storm . Lindley and his crew are missing . We have no possibility ... Are you saying that I 'm misquoting Commander Lindley ? I just want to ... McLane , enough now ! Why am I here , if I can 't point out discrepancies ? These discrepancies are accounted for by the traumatic effects suffered by Colonel Villa . My God , in your place I would also have rambled on about alien monsters . May I ask about the purpose of your mission aboard the Tau ? I will inform Space Command in a classified report in due time . Too bad you 're so secretive . I have no obligation to reveal secret information to a starship commander . I have to ask you not to bother Colonel Villa with any more questions . But something 's not right here ... Is it wrong to look for a connection based on the purpose of the mission ? No one except me and my closest men knew about the purpose . Especially not the frogs , unless they have supernatural powers . End of discussion . No further questions . That goes for you too , McLane . Colonel Villa , we wish you a speedy recovery . Enjoy your rest ! No time for that . I have a lot to do . McLane , you surely don 't miss an opportunity to make enemies . I thought an investigation committee had to investigate . I learned my lesson . No you didn 't . Go back to your duty now . Tomorrow , you 'll go on patrol , as instructed . Would you mind if I went to Gordon instead just to see what 's going on up there ? Are you out of your mind ? Do your job and forget the whole thing ! I thought you wouldn 't show up . What happened ? What happened ? The usual . It 's not my fault that I 'm a man in my prime . That 's not my impression . What does she mean ? We were invited . Really nice people . Our hero here tried to hit on a nice young lady . - And that lady was you ? - Oh no ! Don 't be so mysterious . They may think there 's a punch-line . There is . The young lady said : " Lieutenant , you 're old enough to be my father . " How 's she dressed ? Is your flight uniform in the laundry , Lieutenant ? I won 't need it anyway . Talk to you , please . What do you mean ? Take-off is in 50 minutes . No , it isn 't . I 'm coming from Villa . Mission canceled . Take-off canceled . Secret Service takes over the mission . - Long live Secret Service ! - Does that mean we 're off duty ? Obviously . That 's great , Cliff . Can we go ? Yes . I 'm sure Mr. Villa knows what he 's doing . I only hope he asked Wamsler . If not , there will be trouble . Come on , guys , before they change their mind . Mario ! Don 't forget , you could be her father . What was that about ? Oh , he just got turned down again . - What about you ? - Me ? Never ! I meant : Do you want to stay here ? Tamara , since when does Secret Service perform routine patrol flights ? Don 't you find that strange ? I 'm sure Villa has his reasons . Sure . I 'd just like to know what they are . We were supposed to check radar satellites in sector Vesta . That 's near Gordon . Something happened there , and Villa is keeping it secret . You 're too suspicious , Cliff . Perhaps . But I wish you would be a little suspicious too . Why would Villa hide anything ? And what would he hide ? Hello , McLane , old boy ! Let 's have a drink together ! Colonel Mulligan , this is Lieutenant Tamara Jagellovsk of Secret Service . Secret Service ? Can 't say that I 'm pleased to meet you . Why so rude ? She 's done you no wrong . No , but her associates have . Would I be drunk for no reason ? For ten years , I 've toiled and moiled at the start base surveillance . I 'm not ungrateful . Before three years , they made me head of the shop . And ? And I got sacked . For no reason . Just like that . When ? By whom ? I got notice two hours ago . Security precautions by Secret Service . Secret Service will immediately take over surveillance of the base . Can 't tell you how mad I am . Do you still think I 'm too suspicious ? Something 's wrong with Villa since he returned from Gordon . No more horror stories ! It 's not a horror story , it 's the facts . He plays down what happened on Gordon , he takes over space surveillance and controls the fleet bases . I wonder what his next step is ? That implies he 'd have an agenda . What do you think it is ? If it wasn 't so absurd , I 'd say he 's preparing a coup . Something must have happened on Gordon that turned him completely inside out . He takes over Mulligan 's command of Ground Control , even though he praised his work before . I heard that myself , in Wamsler 's office . Is that all you can talk about tonight ? I 'm sorry . Would you like a drink ? No thanks . How long are we supposed to sit around ? Do you know their plans ? No . And what are you up to ? A new job ? No . That means , yes . I 've been transferred to the Orion to prevent Commander McLane from breaches of duty , violations of service regulations and military misconduct . Babysitter ! But there are nice babysitters . Am I too strict ? Will you help me ? I want to speak to Villa , tomorrow . Why ? I will simply ask him for special permission to fly to Gordon . If he grants it , I 'll know I was wrong . But if he doesn 't ... What would that prove ? Tamara , I never claimed to be very intelligent , but I have an instinct . I can say no more for now . Alright , if it will help you sleep tonight . I 'll ask Villa if he has time for you tomorrow . Thanks . And while you 're at Secret Service HQ , will you do me a favor ? What then ? Look around . Maybe you 'll find out why Villa went on that mission near Gordon . There must be documents . Cliff , are you crazy ? Do you know what you 're asking for ? But of course . I always have time for McLane . What does he want ? I 'll let him tell you personally . It seemed important . Then it must be important . McLane is very clever , isn 't he ? Yes . Not very convinced , are you ? I always thought you looked up to him . Let 's leave my private feelings out of it . I thought you would go through fire and rain for each other . Let 's leave it at that . For now . I 'll talk to him then . Anything else ? Thank you Colonel . That 's all . Interesting , Lieutenant , isn 't it ? Your friend McLane would have been very pleased with you . But you won 't get a chance to inform him of your discovery . - I must apologize , Colonel . - No , not at all . You act in my interest . Or do you think you could have entered here if I hadn 't allowed it ? It was only curiosity . - Yes , McLane 's curiosity . - McLane has nothing to do with it . Nonsense . McLane asked you to snoop around in here . And I let you , because I wanted to know what he wants to know . Now I do . Arrest her . I still don 't know what you 're hinting at , McLane . I don 't quite know myself . That 's why I ask you . Do you think it 's possible for a trusted person to be converted by a foreign power ? You mean by hypnosis or telenosis ? No , not that . I mean that the person remains unchanged on the outside but on the inside , he thinks and feels like the enemy . Not just while under influence of telenosis , but all the way through . In order to completely change a human , the brain must be " reprogrammed " . That 's an infinitely complicated task that can take months or years . From a medical point of view ... Is it possible that aliens ... Frogs ? They are known as such . Is it conceivable that they can perform the conversion much faster than us ? To do that , they must first have a human in captivity . Which they have tried . First on MZ4 , then the telenosis incident , and now ... Doctor , I no longer know if I 'm mentally sane . But I can 't stop thinking of one thing . The Tau , with Villa and his staff gets into a disaster from which there 's no escape . Villa survives miraculously , returns inexplicably after a few days , and says that the disaster was a normal solar storm , easily overcome by the Tau . And ... ? I listened in on the disaster on subspace radio . It was oscillating gravity fields which only the frogs can produce . Villa tried to get through to Gordon in a shuttle . His success is enough to raise my suspicion . A shuttle would normally burst like a bubble in that chaos . McLane , you mean ... There 's only one explanation , Doctor . The frogs turned off the energy fields once Villa entered the shuttle . They didn 't want to kill him . They wanted him alive , a key person . Assuming that they knew Villa was on board the Tau . Yes . Who knows . Perhaps they can monitor our radio traffic . It 's even likely . And they might have lured Villa to Gordon by using distorted radio transmissions to raise his curiosity . I hope to soon find out about the purpose of his mission . You 're forgetting something . If your nightmarish vision is true , then the frogs must be on Gordon . Wouldn 't someone have noticed ? It was a pure coincidence that we found them on MZ4 . But Gordon has filed completely normal reports about the Tau disaster . Perhaps were the people there already converted . Why don 't you talk to Wamsler ? I 'm too full of suspicion . My superiors would send me straight to a mental hospital . Truth to tell , McLane , a stay there would do you no harm . I 've known you for ten years , and never considered you a dreamer . Wouldn 't you like to come now and then and talk about your presumptions in the Villa case ? Do you think I 'm a nutcase ? Fit to be declared insane ? - Major McLane ? - Yes . Here 's the Secret Service HQ . Colonel Villa awaits you at 6 : 30 . You know , McLane , I always supported your idealistic plans . But what in the world do you want to achieve on Gordon ? I just want to make sure that you and Commander Lindley were correct in your analysis of the Tau incident . I see . Your defeat at the meeting still bothers you ? Something like that . Hurt professional pride , I guess . And you still believe that the incident was caused by extraterrestrial activity ? I don 't believe anything . I 'd just like to exclude that possibility . Why don 't you ask Wamsler ? He would kick me out before I could say " Gordon " . You know that I would have to answer to Space Command if I gave permission . You have the full confidence of Space Command . It 's never been a problem before . Very well . Go there ! I 'll arrange everything . Thank you . Thank you , Colonel . McLane ? What if there 's really something going on out there and you get into the same mess as the Tau ? That 's my risk . No , I can 't take that responsibility . To be safe , the Orion will be outfitted with a gravitational field generator . - Great . But that will take time . - Not too long . A new system is about to be introduced in the entire fleet . Do you know Chief Engineer Kranz ? Only by name . Supposedly an expert . The leading expert in artificial gravity . He 'll accompany you . Thank you , Colonel . McLane , I almost forgot . Your charming security officer can 't come with you . We sent her to take a special training course . I didn 't know about your upcoming mission . What course is that ? She 's waited over a year for her promotion , and the course is a prerequisite . It 's at her own request . Why didn 't she tell me ? - She didn 't ? - No . Not very nice . Is she mad at you ? You never can tell with her . Women . Ground Control to base . Orion 8 is cleared for take-off . Thank you Ground Control . Launch will take place within a few minutes . Here 's Lupos 12 under Commander Spira . We 're at submersion coordinates 17-MS-12 . Right , Lupos 12 . Please stand by until we call you ! We carry important documents , which must be processed at once . Get me Colonel Mulligan ! We must go to another base if we can 't submerge immediately . Colonel Mulligan is on vacation . You 'll be clear to submerge in a few minutes . Base 104 launch control to Fast Space Cruiser Orion 8 . - Cleared for take-off . - Thank you , base . Base 104 handing over to space station 4 . Let 's go , Hasso ! On our way ! Please take a seat ! With pleasure . Where ? - Mario ? - Yes ? - Would you ? - Yes . There you go . Of crucial importance : At cosmos minus 186 , jamming of all communications with Space Patrol . Of course . Cosmos minus 186 . Blocking of space bases at cosmos minus 100 . At cosmos minus 100 . Set all radar warning circuits to record only . I must be sure that approach data is stored only , not forwarded . Of course . At cosmos minus 164 we will issue an alpha order for all units in space : Return to closest base . At cosmos minus 164 , all units in space return to the closest base . Cosmos minus 200 starts at 11 PM . Mission completed at cosmos plus 200 . I 'm so glad that Colonel Villa let me test my system aboard the Orion . Alright , Kranz . You 've told me once every hour and we 've been on our way for 18 hours . Something positive can 't be said too often . Let 's hope it is positive . If we get into the same mess as the Tau , your system had better work . Cliff , something 's up . I have resonance contact with moving objects . Awfully far away , but something 's up out there . - Alien objects ? - Can 't tell . Should we set course there ? - Our orders are ... - Who asked you ? Try to get a signal . I 've got a hell of a signal ! Listen to this ! Triplets ! Cliff , something 's fishy . Remember MZ4 . If it 's the frogs , it means they passed two outer radar circuits without warning . Lightwave to Space Patrol ! Orion 8 calling Space Patrol ! Orion 8 calling Space Patrol ! Encrypt and transmit it ! Cosmos minus 200 beginning . Energy supply for invasion forces at cosmos minus 150 via Gordon . Lightwave for Space Patrol from the Orion . Let 's hear what he wants . ... calling Space Patrol . Orion 8 calling Space Patrol . I have an urgent message . Why can 't I get through ? Space Patrol , do you read ? What 's up , Commander ? Who the hell are you ? It 's the right address . I need a connection to Space Patrol . Who are you ? Space Patrol is down at the moment . We 're redirecting . Do you have a report ? We have . We 've spotted UFOs in four sectors : RS-118 KL90 to RS-118 KL94 . They 've passed the outer radar circuits . They 're on course towards Earth . We know . Countermeasures are being taken . Has General Wamsler been informed ? Of course . Stay on course and await further orders . Our course leads away from the UFOs ! That 's OK . Do you know who it is ? Frogs ? I 'm not authorized to tell . Over and out ! Do you get it ? No connection with Space Patrol ? Unheard of ! - Who was that mystery-monger ? - No idea . They 're heading for Earth . No doubt . Nonstop inquiries are coming in from all space stations . They want to know about the UFOs , and why Space Patrol is down . Tell them that the government has been informed and countermeasures are taken . We must stall them for two hours . Why do you keep me here ? For a good reason . Will you finally tell me what you are up to ? I suppose you already know . Your friend McLane told you why he wanted you to spy in here . It is true then . You 're planning a coup ? A coup ? What an infantile term . I don 't deal in such trivial matters . Control station 47-36-A5 . The vanguard has reached the invasion route as planned . No obstruction by terrestrial bases or units . Excellent . At Cosmos minus 164 , the invasion forces will leave the assembly areas . Yes , Sir ! Colonel , what does that mean ? Invasion forces ? You 're not saying ... It 's madness ! Why is everything the average mind can 't grasp called madness ? - But please , think of ... - No time for discussions . I suppose McLane will call us sooner or later . He 'll call Space Patrol . Possibly , but they won 't hear him . I took the liberty of manipulating their code converters . When McLane calls in , you 'll talk to him . And now I 'm going to tell you what to say . They 're coming from 3 directions , heading for the sectors around Gordon . Precisely where we were supposed to check the radar systems . Atan , lightwave to Space Patrol . Try again , I want Wamsler ! Useless . Space Patrol is still down . Who knows what 's going on ? They 'll redirect us again . Try , I said . If we 're redirected again , at least I know what 's up . And you , my friend , give me your gun ! - Why ? What are you doing ? - Now ! - You 're not authorized . - Come on ! Calm down ! It 's just a precaution . Maybe Villa hasn 't just sent you along to do us a favor . Ridiculous . - All the better . - We 'll see . Orion 8 calling Space Patrol ! Orion 8 calling Space Patrol ! You can kill me , but you can 't force me to give false orders to McLane . Firstly , I can force you , and secondly , I give the orders . And be certain he 'll follow them . You don 't know McLane . Lightwave from Orion to Space Patrol . Take it ! But you talk . I want to hear how much he knows . This is Commander McLane , Orion 8 . Calling General Wamsler . Go ahead , Commander ! I want to speak to the general and no one else . I told you an hour ago that Space Patrol is down . Don 't give me that crap ! I 'll act on my own now . Talk to him or I melt you down . McLane , this is Villa . I have a surprise for you . Villa , I knew it . If we ever meet again , I will have a surprise for you . With me is security officer Lieutenant Jagellovsk . I swear the girl will die on the spot , if you don 't obey my orders . Understood ? Major ! Tamara ! McLane ! You were right . It 's too late . Villa has won . The invasion is on ! It 's the frogs ! Do you hear me ? Lieutenant ! Lieutenant ! Yes ? Did you hear that , McLane ? I 'm not bluffing . The girl 's life is in your hands . Will you do what I say ? - What shall I do ? - Where is Kranz ? - On the bridge . - I 'd like to talk to him . This is Kranz . Colonel , I 've been disarmed . I thought so . McLane , you have one minute . Then Kranz will report that he 's taken command . Kranz will be armed then , and you will follow his orders , or Tamara dies . Is that clear ? Yes it is . And Kranz will give me the message in code , so don 't try to extort him . You 've got one minute from now . 50 seconds . McLane , don 't forget that we 're a bit old-fashioned here . We use the good old HM3 , so you know what to expect . I only mention it because you might say that we must all die some day . Then you 'd really be underestimating the price your girlfriend has to pay . That sounds like a bad joke ! Does it ? We can suddenly hear everything . She 's redirected it to Space Patrol . She knows what she 's doing ! Go notify Wamsler , Space Command and the government . Use messengers . That takes longer , but we must assume that they control all lines . 15 seconds . Don 't stand like fools ! Tell me what to do ! - 10 seconds . - I can 't decide alone . - 7 seconds . - Cliff , give it to him . - Give it to him ! - You have to give it to him ! 4 seconds ! Well done . And now , don 't move ! Please ? I thought he hadn 't noticed . Colonel Villa , this is Kranz . 01 , 00 , 2 , 3 , Algol , Vesta , Inter cosmos , U , Indigo . Acknowledged , Indigo . He 's been taken care of . Cosmos control , please . Invasion forces in the assembly areas . No obstruction by terrestrial forces . Cosmos minus 150 . Enter the invasion route now . The beam from Gordon will supply the energy . What about her ? Eliminate her ? No , that can wait until cosmos minus 50 . Maybe we 'll need her again , when Space Patrol gets on our case . She 's well connected . Get her out ! What my people are telling me is scary . Villa must have gone mad . Invasion by the frogs ! Isolate the Secret Service complex magnetically ! Then force the doors with vargo-rays . Yes , Marshall ! Villa must be caught off guard ! All forces to the area of operations , plan Delta . All security measures according to plan Delta effective as of now . News embargo ! Cosmos minus 100 . Block fleet bases ! Blow up the launching bays ! Cosmos minus 100 . Lightwave to all operative terrestrial units . Alpha order . Return to Earth ! This is an alpha order ! This is Space Patrol . Alpha alert ! Frog invasion approaching Earth . Start of heavy combat forces . One through twelve in 25 base complex ! 12 in 25 through 30 base complex ! Supreme Space Command to government . The frogs have blown up our bases . Bases have been flooded . Frog invasion fleet approaching sectors 118-KL12 to 118-KL4 . Resistance futile . Invasion unstoppable . We suggest negotiations . Government to Space Command . Negotiators will be court-martialed . The enemy has to be stopped by any means . Space Patrol calling all stations : Lightwave communication between bases and operative units is redirected by Secret Service and therefore futile . I repeat : Lightwave communications is redirected and therefore futile . I repeat : Lightwave communication is redirected ... What took you so long , gentlemen ? You are too late ! The operation is under way and nothing can stop it . Within 24 hours the Earth will finally be in the hands of intelligent beings . If they aren 't significantly more intelligent than you , we don 't have to worry . Come on ! I don 't understand . Why don 't you simply kill us and let the computer run the ship ? Isn 't it a bit of a strain to keep watch over five people ? A strain ? No problems if you behave . As for your first question : You 're expected on Gordon . Villa has informed them . Who expects us ? Wait and see . The frogs ? Intelligent beings . And they are particularly interested in your Overkill-system . You 're going to perform a beautiful demonstration . I 'd rather die . Well , well ... On Gordon , you 'll first sleep , and when you wake up , it will all look different . They will convert us ? Just like they did to Villa ? It 's completely painless . That 's your mistake , Kranz . You shouldn 't have told us . Stay where you are ! One more step , and I 'll inform Villa . Remember Tamara ! Just you wait ! Gordon is still far away . You 'll make a mistake sooner or later . What was that ? Engineering to Commander ! Converters 3 and 5 are malfunctioning . What shall I do ? What do you mean , malfunctioning ? Shall I give a technical description of a converter and its functions ? Or rather why they might be malfunctioning ? Order your man to fix it . It means that we temporarily have to fly at half speed . McLane , what you 're doing is sabotage . And what you 're doing isn 't ? Sigbjörnson , don 't try to bluff . If the Orion isn 't back to full speed ASAP , I will have to decide which crew member is most expendable . Am I making myself clear ? Come down here and see for yourself ! Do you take me for a fool ? Get to work ! How I am to repel an attack , if the heavy combat forces can 't start ? How many cruisers are in space ? The standard security eight . Nothing compared to the size of the attack . The invaders are passing laser gun batteries 7 to 9 . They 've taken strong losses , but haven 't changed their course . It 's an incredible number . Even if the batteries melt down half of them ... Can 't you force Villa to do something ? You can 't force Villa to do anything . He 's in a mental ward ! Marshall , we deciphered the code Villa used to direct the invasion . Yes ? They obviously had problems supplying energy for the advance . That 's why they 're all approaching via Gordon . Gordon supplies energy and guides them . That 's why they didn 't change course when they passed our batteries . So the only way to stop the attack is to destroy Gordon . And how do you propose to do that ? Villa has isolated all neighboring sectors . And which unit can reach Gordon in time ? None . By Villa 's last order , they all returned to Earth . We 've redirected them to Gordon , but it takes too long to get there . Only McLane might reach Gordon in time . And he 's controlled by Kranz . We 've been trying to contact the Orion for an hour . We have her on the screen , but she doesn 't answer . Lieutenant ! Don 't get nervous . Or else I 'll get nervous , and that might be unpleasant for you . Do you really think you 've got a chance ? I know that you don 't have one . Someone wants to talk to us . Who and why ? Only Villa knew about my take-off . So it can only be Villa , unless he 's been exposed , and Space Command tries to make contact . Don 't bother , McLane ! Villa will never be exposed . His plan is perfect . Invaders are passing sector 116-LM-4 . Course unchanged . Orion 8 is not responding . We must do something . Really ? And what ? The Hydra under General van Dyke has set course for Gordon . Useless . She 'll reach Gordon too late . She 'll be there before the Orion . Since when is the Hydra faster than the Orion ? The Orion has been flying at half speed for a while . Couldn 't the Hydra reach the Orion ? Yes , but what for ? Do you think the Hydra will scare Kranz into a hibernation cabin ? Order the Hydra to attack McLane ! Are you crazy ? If the Orion was attacked , McLane might have a chance to regain control . Kranz needs to defend the Orion . He will need McLane and de Monti . Don 't you see ? He needs them , so he might lose control of them . We must try . Alright . Lightwave to the Hydra . What 's taking so long ? I tried to accelerate . But you saw the result . Negative . Sigbjörnson , I 've had enough . I don 't believe you . If you don 't believe me , ask McLane . You 're awfully quiet ? You know Sigbjörnson is right . I know as soon as I 've killed one of you and we 're still flying at half speed . What are you waiting for ? You 're risking a lot , McLane . Surveillance alert ! Flying object . Rapid approach , distance 144 , 143 . Commander to engineering . Do we have full speed ? The Hydra is still giving everything she has . Commander to tactics : Attack the Orion from distance 109 . You know what this is about ! The Orion must not be disabled ! I know . A battle ship of the Orion class . - Distance 110 . - Cliff , it 's the Hydra . Sigbjörnson must accelerate . Why risk destroying the Orion ? We don 't know what the Hydra wants . They won 't be allowed to come aboard here . Distance 109 . Cliff , they 're attacking . We 're within range . Your own people won 't attack you ! Not us , but you ! General van Dyke is probably convinced that we 're dead . I command you to defend us . How ? Attack the ship - now ! As you wish ! Mario , man the tactics console ! Will do . So . Keep calm , my boy ! Mario , come here ! I 'll have to go back down . Here . Come on ! Orion to Hydra . General van Dyke , this is McLane . We 're alive and we 'd like to live a bit longer . Understood ? - McLane , are you alright ? - Yes , General . Are you fully manoeuvreable ? Technically , yes . Our nerves have suffered a bit . Where 's Kranz ? Right here . He seems a bit depressed . Then go to hyperspace , and set course for Gordon ! Eliminate Gordon with Overkill . It 's orders from the government . Does it still exist ? Not for long , unless you stop asking redundant questions . Over and out . Hasso ? What about hyperspace ? No problem . I knew it ! Yes , you 're a clever man . The Orion flies at hyperspace velocity towards Gordon ! Distance frogs to Earth ? 47.20 . Distance Orion to Gordon ? 47.30 . It 's a dangerous game . Space station 7 has been eliminated by the frogs . General , Marshall wants to talk to you . Go ahead ! What do you think ? Can the Orion make it ? If anyone can do it , it 's McLane . In numbers , please . Frogs - Earth 47.8 . Orion - Gordon 47.6 . McLane is a good man . Who was the genius who demoted him ? - You , Marshall ! - Me ? Oh . Receiving impulse . Enemy base ahead . Resonance contact ! Distance ? Distance 37.4 . Commander to tactics . - Yes , Cliff ? - Are you ready ? Ready , they 're within shooting range . Distance 37.3 . Engineering to Commander . Running on ultra-impulse . Distance ? 12 , 11 ... 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 ... In five seconds Overkill . Ready , Mario ? Ready ! Attention - Overkill ! I hardly need to point out that this information is strictly confidential , and only for those directly involved . Otherwise panic would break out . A wave of distrust and suspiciousness would go through all agencies . Everyone would consider everyone else converted . Fortunately , we 're able to pinpoint the affected ones rather well . It 's only the crew on Gordon , and Villa and his staff . Pardon me , Professor . You spoke of affected ones ? Yes , it 's a kind of disease . - They are criminals to me . - Agreed . Involuntary criminals . It 's not a deliberate act of free will . In the hands of extraterrestrials , you would have done the same . Your brains would have been reprogrammed with a new desire . To turn over the Earth to extraterrestrial powers in order to develop a gigantic , interstellar realm . Professor , do you have an idea of how the reprogramming of Villa was done ? We 're working on a series of tests , psycho-chemical , and psycho-electrical . We must re-create the reprogramming process . Only then can we hope to reverse it . Do you hope to make Villa and the others normal again ? We do , and we 'll leave no stone unturned . Any questions ? That concludes my presentation . Those present here today , and of course the government will be informed of the results of the ongoing investigation . Thank you . Would the crew of the Orion please stay for a moment ? What 's he up to now ? Do you have to ask ? I bet it 's about taking off without his knowledge . Nonsense ! Without our help , he would have been reprogrammed as a frog . Who knows , with his stubbornness ... McLane , don 't you have anything to say ? Not that I know of . Then let me say something . Your departure to Gordon against my orders was plain misconduct . - It was ... - Misconduct ... that saved us from being killed or brainwashed . Talk about a stroke of luck . You would be discharged now , if you hadn 't been right about that ! - Please , if you ... - Colonel McLane ! Colonel McLane ! Your duty with Space Patrol ends today . Your disciplinary transfer is over . You 're back with the Fast Combat Units . If you tell me where you 'll drink to that , I 'll join you . - In the ... - Starlight Casino ! Your duty starts with three months special leave for the entire crew . That 's it for now . We 'll meet again later , more privately . May each of us choose his own destination for the vacation ? Sure . Then I 'd like to go to Chroma . Very funny . Congratulations on the promotion . Thank you very much . I 'm glad you 're back with your old unit . That 's great for us all . Yes well , I don 't know . I have no idea what I will do . Really ? Won 't you stay with us ? My babysitter job was only supposed to last as long as you were transferred . That 's true . - I can 't imagine being without ... - Everything must come to an end . Do you remember MZ4 ? Our first mission together . We really picked a fight . And Mura , the penal colony . My God , was I mad at you . And me at you , over your flirt with that poet . Wait a moment . Remember Chroma ? I might have strangled you after your night of negotiations with that matron . But then you kissed me , if I remember correctly . Yes , I thought you had forgotten . I 'll talk to van Dyke . I 'll tell her I want to keep my babysitter or I 'll quit the service . Can you only think about the service ? Don 't you need a private babysitter ? Thanks , Cliff . That 's enough . Mario and I had a bet . This expert here claimed you wouldn 't dare to kiss in the meeting room . I 've won ten bottles of champagne . You bastard ! I underestimated you , Cliff . I thought only an expert could pull that off . - You 're full of surprises ! - Come on ! Parts of the translation adapted from the feature film " Rücksturz ins Kino " .
