 [ TYRES SCREECHING ] Are you out of your mind ? What are you trying to do ? It 's my mother . She 's had an accident back at the house . I 've got to get to town , get to a doctor . Look , pal , that 's against company rules . In the name of God , please . Okay , pile in . Thanks . I appreciate it . Pull up . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] Hey , what 's wrong ? I swear he grabbed me . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] [ TYRES SCREECH ] He 's frozen like a block of ice . It 's summer and he 's frozen . [ ANNOUNCER READING ON-SCREEN TEXT ] ANNOUNCER : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders . Alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner , and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now , David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they have taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : Robert Walker , Lynn Loring , R. G. Armstrong . Tonight 's episode , " Panic . " [ SIRENS WAILING ] NARRATOR : A truck driver 's bizarre death only added to the growing panic in a remote corner of West Virginia . Nine had died in a 48-hour period . All frozen . Six hours ago , it became the responsibility of Dr. George Grundy , United States Public Health Service , to bring this epidemic to an end . To find an answer to deaths for which medical authorities had found no answer . One man suspects the true nature of this strange and terrifying blight , that its source lies somewhere out in the vast reaches of space . That man : David Vincent . Doctor ? Doctor , this is the man I was talking about , David Vincent . I think you ought to hear what he has to say . All right , Vincent , you 've got a minute . I 'm told you 've a theory that 's going to solve all my problems . No , sir . No theories , facts . Oh , don 't forget that call to Washington . All right , what 's your pitch ? Witchcraft , radioactive dust , germ warfare ? And don 't forget the governor 's conference at 2 . I 've heard them all . I talked to a man named Bageley , he 's the dead truck driver 's partner . Get me those pathology reports . Doctor , are you gonna listen to me ? Bageley said they picked up a hitchhiker . Shortly before Larson died , he touched him . Now , you find that hitchhiker , you find the cause of all these deaths . Is that a fact ? A man about 24 , 25 years old , wearing a red plaid jacket . Now , you listen to me , Vincent , I interviewed this Joe Bageley an hour after his partner died . - He didn 't mention any hitchhiker . - He was afraid of losing his job . GRUNDY : Find out what 's holding up that medical team from Atlanta . Look , doctor , will you look at this , please ? Now , this is where the truck crashed . VINCENT : Right here is where Bageley said the hitchhiker left the truck . Now , two victims were found down here before the crash . An hour afterwards the lineman 's body was found here a mile up into the hills . The trail leads down the hills to Morgan 's Corner . Assuming the man is on foot , that 's where your men should be looking . Between Morgan 's Corner and Top Pine Crossing . Well , that 's all very interesting . As soon as some men become available , we 'll check on it . That 's it , Vincent . Well , give me a car , I 'll try myself . I said we 'll check on it when we can . Wallace , I want to look over that report from Truscott . Just take it easy , Vincent . I 'll see what I can do in about 10 or 15 minutes . Grab yourself a cup of coffee . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] Yes , we 've just turned onto Morgan 's Corner road . JORDEN [ OVER DEVICE ] : Mr. Vincent will be your responsibility . Right . WOMAN : Oh , here . Now , this is what you want . This map is just a quarter and it shows Top Pine Crossing - and all the hills and woods around it . - Is there another way out ? Wha- - The front 's always been good enough . Those men out there , my girl 's father sent them to look for me . See ? We want to get married but her father 's against it . Please , don 't let them find me . - But young man- - - I just wanna be with my girl . Please ? [ DOOR OPENS ] Can I help you ? Yes . We 're looking for someone . Maybe you can help us . JORDEN : A young man wearing a red plaid jacket . He might have come down the highway . Maybe through the woods . Well , have you , ma 'am ? No , I can 't say that I have . DAVID : Are you sure ? I 'm sure , yes . He may be back this way . We 'd appreciate it if you keep your eyes open . And don 't let him near you . JORDEN : He can be dangerous . [ DIALLING ] What are you doing ? They 're not stopping you from getting married . - It 's something else , isn 't it ? - Put down the phone . You can 't keep running , son . You 'd better let me call the police . NICK : They can 't help . I can take care of myself . [ SNIFFLES ] NICK : I appreciate your trying to help me , though . I can 't blame you for thinking I was trying to hide something from you . I 'll tell my girl what you did . Thanks . I don 't know , Vincent . Why would somebody else be looking for him ? I don 't know . He 's running . So he must be afraid of somebody or something . That 's why we have to get to him first . [ TYRES SCREECH ] [ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ] What happened , Phil ? Poor Molly , just like the others . Maybe your map is right , Vincent . Phil , you look for a young fellow wearing a red plaid jacket . If you spot him , take him in for questioning . And officer , it 's very important . Don 't touch him and don 't let him touch you . Vincent , let 's split up and meet up at Top Pine Crossing . Maybe if we work fast enough , there won 't be any more Mollys . Right . - Folks are scared right now , mister . VINCENT : I know . I can 't say that I blame them . What we need is more protection and less questions . Why does everybody want to know about this kid with the red jacket ? What do you mean everybody ? Has somebody else been here ? Well , about an hour ago , two fellas came by in a blue coupe . They asked the same thing you did . Ten minutes ago , two deputies came by , they want to know the same thing . The deputies have been here ? Well , one of them is still back there in the washroom . Is he like the others ? When the doctor arrives , I 'm sure he 'll find it was a cerebral haemorrhage . [ SIGHS ] The other deputy , what happened to him ? He took off . I told him that kid with the red jacket went up the road . He went after him . That truck out front , is that yours ? Yes . VINCENT : Call the sheriff . Tell him what happened . I 'll bring your truck back later . [ ENGINE STARTS ] - Need a ride ? - Yeah . - Climb in . - Thanks . [ TYRES SCREECH ] [ TYRES SQUEALING ] VINCENT : Hey . [ GRUNTING ] Hold it . You drive . [ SNIFFLES ] [ ENGINE STARTS ] Is he following us ? Just keep your eyes on the road . Don 't worry about what 's behind us . - Who are you ? - My name is Vincent . They call me Nick . - I 'd like to thank you- - - Keep your hands on the wheel . I know who you are and what you are . [ SNIFFLES ] It 's a pretty warm day for gloves . You know what the gloves are for . [ SNIFFLES ] [ INHALES SHARPLY ] You mind telling me where you 're taking me ? The sheriff . Those people freezing to death like that . It 's a nightmare . I didn 't mean for them to die , but I couldn 't help myself . I can 't help being sick . Keep your eyes on the road . We 're not all animals . Believe me , Mr. Vincent , we 're not all bad . Just like human beings aren 't all good . You 've had your Capones , Neros , Hitlers , so have we . The rest of us have to take orders whether we like it or not . [ NICK SNIFFLES ] Mr. Vincent , believe me , a lot of us don 't like what we have to do . That 's what the Nazis said after they had taken Europe . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] Keep driving . You 'll have to hear me out or shoot me . I 'll do just that , I 'll blow your head off before I take a chance in letting you contaminate another human being . Look , I 'll make a deal with you . This sickness , it 's from my own planet . It 's a kind of virus that 's communicated by touch . Slow death for me , a freezing , horrible death for your kind . Only my own people can help me . You get me to them and I 'II- - I 'll give you evidence of our invasion plans . Better evidence than me . We 've just built a new landing site near here . A saucer is coming in tomorrow morning , just after dawn . When it takes off again , I want to be aboard . Where does that leave me ? There 'll be other landings soon . When the next ship comes in , you can have the authorities ready to capture it . - Well ? - Drive . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] Yes , that 's correct . Just a few minutes ago . They 're heading west on Arrowfield road . Good . We have them trapped between us now . Right . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] It 's them . Turn off over there . Look out . Look out . [ TYRES SQUEALING ] [ BOTH GRUNT ] [ PANTING ] I suppose you never intended to kill those kids out there , huh ? Move out . Go on , get out of here . [ VEHICLE APPROACHING ] We 've been going around in circles for hours . Sit down . You 're kidding yourself , you know that , don 't you , Vincent ? Right now , half a dozen of my people are out looking for us . So save yourself . By letting you go ? Forget it . Tell me something . Just who are you trying to save ? Your precious mankind ? Are they really worth it ? [ FOOTSTEPS ] Face it , Mr. Vincent . They 're savages . And what are you ? On your feet , Nick . VINCENT : Hold it right there . [ FOOTSTEPS ] [ GUN COCKS ] All right . Come on out . [ FOOTSTEPS ] I said come out . Keep coming . Who are you ? Mister , I was just out for a walk . I don 't know what you 're doing here . VINCENT : You live near here ? Answer me . Yes . Do you have a phone ? - Listen- - - Shut up . Just shut up . Do you have a phone ? No . Don 't listen to him . Run . Go . Get out of here . I told you to shut up . Don 't let him frighten you . VINCENT : He 's scaring you off so I can 't get help . I have to get in touch with the sheriff , he 'll tell you if I 'm dangerous or not . Where 's your house ? [ GRUNTING ] [ DOG BARKING ] Where 'd you find them two , Madeline ? Just above . Dad , he says he wants to get hold of the sheriff . Sheriff ? What for ? You bringing this fella in for something ? It 's a long a story . I 'm working with the sheriff . And it 's very important that I get in touch with him . Heh . Nearest phone is down at the Bugler Cafe , about three miles of walking . Three miles , huh ? You look like kind of peaked . Are you gonna be all right ? Yeah , I 'll be all right . I could make that call for you . How much is it worth ? How much ? That 's what I said . Ten bucks . Is that all ? The privilege of being a good citizen . [ SCOFFS ] You gonna be all right , honey ? Sure , pa . How much you 'd give me not to go ? [ CHUCKLES ] Well , I don 't have anything on me right now . [ GUN COCKS ] Could you trust me until later ? I 'll have to tell you like they tell me down at the store , sorry . Five bucks up-front . What 's the matter , you got cold hands ? I 'll be back in a couple of hours . The human race . [ LOCKS DOOR ] You wear these from now on . Put them on . Do you have any rope ? There . Lean against the pole . Left hand behind your back . You got to tie him up like that ? [ SCOFFS ] Mister , I don 't really care if you hang him up by his heels . The other hand . You want me to watch him for a while ? When do you think your father will be back ? Sometime after dark . Nothing . I was up at the other side of the river- - - You 're looking for someone ? - Yes , two men . One about 25 , wearing a red plaid jacket . - Seen anyone like that ? - No , afraid not . Are there any other places like this around here ? Well , there 's Pete 's Place about four miles down the road near Truscott . - Down this way ? - Yeah . I 'll check it out . We 'll stay here . Any coffee inside , ma 'am ? There 's a machine over in the corner . [ ENGINE STARTS ] You really should get some sleep , Mr. Vincent . I don 't know what you 're afraid of . It 's a cinch I 'm not going anywhere . [ DOG PANTING ] I guess , living way out here , you don 't get to town very often , do you ? I like it here . You know , maybe you 're lucky . It 's kind of nice out here . Clean air , nobody bugging you . Sure . It 's great . It 's every girl 's dream . Maybe it 's not . But at least it 's out of the rat race . Not like- - Not like where ? Forget it . Not like where ? I said forget it . I don 't want to talk about it . Just leave me alone . He wants you to help him get away . You just get off his back . No , he 's right . That 's just what I was angling for . Wouldn 't you be doing the same thing if you were me ? Do you know what it 's like to be a prisoner ? To have a whole world fall in on you . There 's no way out ? How would you know ? [ SCOFFS ] How the heck would you know ? What do you want me to do with these eggs ? He can 't eat them with his hands tied . His hands stay tied . Yeah , he 's dangerous . You 've got the gun and he 's dangerous . Why don 't you let him make a break for , then you can have the fun of killing him . - Look , Madeline- - - I know , you told me . He 's a killer . All right , I promise . I won 't try to help him . Now , why don 't you just leave me alone , huh ? Well , if you do try to help this handsome , clean-cut , all-American boy out there , [ SIGHS ] well , you could very well become victim number 11 . Look , mister , why don 't you stop treating me like I just fell off the Christmas tree , huh ? I 've been to the big city . I 've been married and I 've been ditched . And it takes a lot of a man to fool me . He 's a good salesman . Ten people are dead because they listened to him . NICK : I don 't blame you for not wanting to look at me . I heard what he said . [ UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING OVER PLAYER ] Madeline , I never killed anyone . You don 't have to prove anything to me . There 's nothing I can do about it . It 's just that I- - I 'd like to think you believe me . [ LIQUID POURING ] The people who were killed , I was miles away when it happened . I can prove that . You have witnesses ? I was on my way to Idlewild Flat to see them when Vincent caught up with me . Ahh . Why bore you with it ? [ SNIFFLES ] You 've got enough problems of your own . MADELINE : Where do these witnesses live ? NICK : Not far . But I 'm not sure of the direction from here . We got lost . Look , if you tell me where they are , maybe I could go see them for you . I 've got to go myself . Help me , Madeline . I have to get to see those witnesses . I can 't . Madeline , take a chance on me . You won 't be sorry . Once I speak to the witnesses , I 'll turn myself in . I 'll give myself up . Please . Please . [ MUSIC STOPS ] [ TYRES SQUEALING ] Hey . You 're in luck . GUS : When I got to the Bugler 's Cafe , I ran into these deputies from the sheriff 's office . GUS : Where 's your prisoner ? Where 's Madeline ? [ GUNSHOTS ] [ GUN COCKS ] [ GUNSHOT ] What in the name of ? What was that ? What happened ? Where 's Madeline ? Where 's Madeline ? What have you done with her ? What have you done with her ? Where 's Madeline ? [ DOG BARKING , WHIMPERING ] Be quiet , Charlie . - Are you sure we 're in the right way ? - For Idlewild Flat , we are . But I don 't remember ever seeing any houses there . Are you sure your witnesses live near Idlewild Flat ? [ BARKING , WHIMPERING ] Bring him along ? I don 't understand what 's spooking him . He doesn 't usually act like this . It 's just that if Vincent is following us , all that racket could give me away . [ WHIMPERING ] You should have let me tie him up . I went and got you the gun . Now , what else do you want ? [ WHIMPERING ] Nice doggy . Now , please , Gus , Study this map . Is there any place at all near Top Pine Crossing where a space ship could land ? It 's all woods , hills . Nothing can land up there . What are we waiting for ? Let 's take that car and drive to the sheriff 's office . I told you , there 's no time . Now , look at the map . Think . What about my daughter ? He 's sick , if people die when he just touches them , what will happen to her ? As long as he needs her to guide him , he won 't harm her . After he gets there , then what ? We 'll just have to get there first . Now , look at the map , Gus . Please . It 's no use . Wait a minute . Come to think of it now . There is a little meadow up- - - How big is one of them things ? - Where 's the meadow ? GUS : Right there , just north of Top Pine Crossing . It 's called Idlewild Flat . All right , let 's try it . We getting nearer ? It 's not too much further . - Charlie ? - Shh ! - Charlie ? - Someone 'll hear you . I think something 's happened to him . He must have gone home on his own . No . He wouldn 't do that . I better go back and look for him . We 've got to keep going . You 'll be able to find it by yourself from here . Now , I got to go look for Charlie . I haven 't come this far just to get lost . Now , move . It 's Charlie . VINCENT : Don 't touch it . He 's frozen stiff . How far are we from Idlewild Flat ? Idlewild Flat ? Oh . Less than a mile once we get to County Road . Is there a quicker way ? He 's gonna kill her , too , ain 't he ? There 's gonna be light soon . Let 's go . Come on . Idlewild 's Flat 's just a little piece further ahead there . [ WHINING SOUND ] Dear God . Dear God . I don 't see Madeline down there . Maybe we got here first . What do we do now ? Just wait . I 'll tell you something , Mr. Vincent , up to now , except for Madeline and me , I didn 't give a hoot if the whole world dropped dead . [ BREATHING HEAVILY ] You realise , suddenly , it can happen . Maybe we 're too late . Maybe they already got Madeline on that thing . There they are now . We 're gonna need help . This tower . If I can get the fire brigade up here and sound the alarm- - Wait a minute . We 'll only panic him and kill your daughter . Just wait here a minute . [ MADELINE SCREAMS ] [ GUN COCKS ] Stay here . He 's gonna get away . They could all get away . We 're gonna need help . Gus , stay down . Don 't do that . Ahh . [ GUNSHOT ] Gus . [ ALARM BLARING ] Please . [ SCREAMS ] [ SCREAMS ] Dad . Dad . Dad . I 'll drive you all the way to Wheeling , if you 'd like . There 's no trouble . Thank you , that 's all right . I 'd just as soon be alone for a while . Mr. Vincent , my father saw I was safe , didn 't he ? Yes , he did . Then why did he do it ? I guess he thought the rest of the human race was worth saving too . You mean from- - Did we really see that saucer ? Yes , we did . [ SIGHS ] Thank you , Mr. Vincent . Goodbye . Goodbye . NARRATOR : Freezing deaths apparently ended . And an alien landing site exposed . Grudging victories for David Vincent . But the invader still walks , unheeded , on the planet Earth . Somehow , some way , he must be stopped .
