 Mr. Tate , hurry . Please . Got it . [ ALARM RINGING ] They 'll find us . Any place we go , they 'll find us . All right , Ed . Just take it easy . [ TIRES SCREECHING ] - Mr. Tate . - Steady , steady . Ed . [ SCREAMS ] Mommy , Mommy . [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] ANNOUNCER : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders : alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : Ralph Bellamy , Marlyn Mason , Murray Hamilton . [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] NARRATOR : A little girl 's story of a truck that melted and disappeared eventually reached the newspapers and the eyes of David Vincent . Aware that such things can happen in the nightmare world of the invaders , David Vincent had come here to Sands Point , Oregon . And now the nightmare enlarges as the girl describes a man seen running from the ill-fated truck . A man she had recognized as Morgan Tate , head of a nearby communications laboratory . [ SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN ] [ SPEAKING IN FRENCH ] [ SPEAKING IN GERMAN ] [ WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY ] There will be a landing five miles east of Bournemouth on the night of July 7th , 3 a.m. , 18 of our people to be moved into the London area . Repeat . There will be a landing five miles east of Bournemouth on the night of July 7th , 3 a.m. , 18 of our people to be moved into the London area . Take the usual preparatory steps . - Sorry to keep you waiting- - - Not at all . - Mr. Vincent ? - David Vincent , yes . My name is Lewis Dunn . I 'm leasing most of the plant from Mr. Tate . What can I do for you ? Well , I wanted to see Mr. Tate . He 's out of town for a few days . Perhaps I can help ? I 'd like to see him personally . Is there a number where he can be reached ? I 'm not at liberty to give out that information . If you 'll leave your number , I 'll have Mr. Tate contact you . Well , I don 't know where I 'm gonna be staying so I 'll have to call and let you know . Thank you . David Vincent . - David Vincent . Okay , sir . - Thank you . [ ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ] [ DAVID GRUNTING ] [ GIRL LAUGHING ] Hey , fellas , look . [ DAVID YELLS ] [ GIRL SCREAMING ] JOEY : Dick , go call the police . JOEY : Hold it right there , mister , until the cops get here . Joey , there 's nobody there . [ SIRENS APPROACHING ] Try searching further out this time . You 're wasting your time . You 're not gonna find a corpse out there . Then what happened to it , Mr. Vincent ? I 've already been through this with the sergeant . I won 't say another word until you 've look inside that plant . You 're going to stick to your story that Mr. Dunn and the others were trying to frame a man they never saw before , is that it ? You won 't believe any explanation I give you right now . Not until you 've seen what 's inside that plant . All right . I 'm for fun and games . Take over , Steve . Let 's go . - Is that all the men that were there ? - That 's right . CARTER : Mr. Finney , we 'd like to have a look around inside the plant . I 'm sorry . I 'm not authorized to let you into the plant . I 'm sure it 'll be all right , Mr. Finney . FINNEY : Officer , it 's a matter of security . You see , we 've been working on some government contracts . Government contracts ? First I 've heard about it . I 'll tell you what , let 's talk to Morgan Tate about this . That ' won 't be possible , officer . Let 's leave that up to him . Okay ? I only wish we could . Unfortunately , Morgan Tate is dead . Mr. Finney witnessed almost the entire fight . That 's right , sir . I 'm almost positive the man he killed was Mr. Tate . TONKIN : Now look , Vincent , is it such a big deal ? All I want are a few simple facts . Is that asking too much ? I 've told you everything I can . How can we go into court with this kind of garbage ? What is it with you ? - Look , Mr. Tonkin- - - No . You look . I 've been appointed to defend you , friend . But I can 't . Now without your help . You 've just got to level with me or else you 've had it . All right , I 'll level with you . I 'll begin by saying that Morgan Tate is alive . What if I told you Lewis Dunn is a creature from another planet . He 's not working on government contracts . He 's working to conquer our government , huh ? Lewis Dunn believes Tate is dead . But he knows I didn 't do it . He thinks Tate died in a truck that was disintegrated by a spaceman-like contraption . By framing me for a murder that never happened , he thinks he 's killing two birds with one stone . Can you take that to court ? Mr. Vincent , if you 're trying to build an insanity plea , forget it . I doubt whether there 'll be a death sentence without a corpse . You know , you 'd be better off spending your time praying Morgan Tate 's body isn 't found . I 'm sorry if my imagination got the best of me . Excuse me , counsellor . Thought you might want to see this . Well ? Seems a fisherman working the waters near the Peninsula Lab just radioed the coast guard . He 's bringing in a corpse he found in his net . - Tate ? - Sure looks that way . Vincent , maybe you better practise on that insanity plea after all . Well , it won 't be easy . Over here . There wasn 't much I could do about the face , hitting the rocks like that . Plus being two days at sea . Vincent , I 'll make a deal with you . - She just drove in from the airport . CARTER : In a minute . You save the state the cost of a trial , and I guarantee the district attorney will be very grateful . What do you say ? I 'm innocent . Okay , bring her in . Stand over there , out of the way . REAGAN : This way , miss . I 'm sorry to have to go through this . It 's all right . - Is that him ? - Yes . Just to explain , Miss Tate . Although the body has been identified , tentatively , we require the identification by a blood relative . I said it 's all right . Let 's just get it over with . For the record , Miss Tate , do you identify this man as your father ? It 's been over nine years . I 'm not sure . You 'd know your own father , wouldn 't you ? I never knew my father . Some of the men from the plant have already sworn this is Morgan Tate . Will you look at him once more , please ? Yes . Yes , it 's my father . Can I go now ? Wait a minute . Don 't let him talk you into this . If you 're not sure , say so . You have reason not to be sure . That 's not your father . Shut up , Vincent . Look , that body is a mess . They saw to that . But it 's not your father , Miss Tate . - What ? DAVID : Go to 310 Seashore Road . There 's a girl there . Talk to her . She 'll tell you she saw your father alive . I don 't understand . The girl he 's talking about , we checked her out . She 's got a pretty good imagination . Said she saw a truck melt and disappear . That 's right , melt . Like a glob of butter on a frying pan . Your father wasn 't in that truck . He was seen running from it . I 'll be at my hotel if you want me to answer any more questions . - Miss Tate , please . - Get him out of here . Want me to call you a taxi , Miss Tate ? That won 't be necessary , I have a company car waiting . I 'll be in touch . You don 't have to worry about the funeral arrangements . I 'll see that everything 's taken care of . Anything wrong ? That man , Vincent . He said my father is alive . Alive ? It 's nonsense , of course . But he said that some little girl over on Seashore Road saw him . Well , a man like that , he 's liable to say anything , isn 't he ? Shall we go ? Hey , turn around . Hands out . [ TYRES SCREECHING ] Klondike 57414 . This is SND 637 . [ PHONE RINGING ] - Hello . - Hello , Miss Tate . This is Lewis Dunn . Something 's come up . Something unexpected . It seems there are some important papers at the plant that need your signature . I wonder if you 'd mind dropping by as soon as you can . At the plant ? [ KNOCKING ] Are you sure it 's necessary ? I have an awful lot to do . I 'm sorry , it 's quite urgent . All right . I 'll be there as soon as I can . Just a minute . How do we know her father hasn 't already gone to the authorities ? If he had , Mr. Finney , they 'd have paid us a visit by now . Miss Tate , now wait a minute , now . There 's nothing to be afraid of . I 'm out on bail . What do you want ? Your father . I 've got to find him . You don 't know how important this is to me . Mr. Vincent , these last few days haven 't been very pleasant . Now , if you 'll excuse me . I know it 's hard to believe , but your father is alive . And finding him won 't only save my neck . There 's a lot more at stake . You really believe he is alive , don 't you ? Does he have a summer cottage or a cabin ? Or anything like that where he might hide out ? No , my father and I haven 't been on speaking terms for some years . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I really must go . Well , is there anything you can tell me about your father ? His habits , something that 'll help me find him ? Mr. Vincent , you have very little to worry about if my father really is alive . What was that supposed to mean ? Just that he wouldn 't be able to stay in hiding very long even if he wanted to . He 'd have to come out to see a doctor or a druggist sooner or later . Why ? Because , Mr. Vincent , he 's a diabetic . Hello , Miss Tate . Thank you for coming . I 'm impressed . My father did pretty well for himself . Can I fix you a drink ? I 'd just as soon sign those papers and be on my way . DUNN : Miss Tate , I 'm going to be frank with you . There are no papers . We 've asked you here to help us get back a very important file that was stolen . Stolen ? What 's this all about ? You 'd better prepare yourself for a shock , Miss Tate . I 've just discovered that your father is alive . Then Vincent was telling the truth . The one important thing now , Miss Tate , is that your father has taken a document , a valuable file from our laboratory safe . But he owns the company . Why should he steal from himself ? The fact is , my associates and I have leased the plant from your father . He only maintained a small building for himself out back . This particular file belongs to our company . And if it isn 't returned , we stand to lose everything we 've invested . We 'll be wiped out . I simply can 't let that happen , Miss Tate . That 's why I must insist you stay with us for a while . Stay here ? For how long ? Not long . We hope when your father realizes you 're in town , he 'll contact you . We want you convince him that he must return the file . Then you 'll be free to go . I 'm sorry about the imposition , but keeping you here with us is our only hope of forcing your father 's hand . My father alive , and a thief to boot . Well , you needn 't make it all sound so sinister . I 'll be delighted to help you . In fact , I can 't think of anything that would suit me better . I think we 're going to get along very well , Miss Tate . Now , how about that drink ? Make it a stiff one . I 'll need it . Yes , of course . DAVID : Anybody here ? - Nope . Well , aren 't you anybody ? Nope . How about the man who runs the place ? Is he anybody ? Must be . Has two hours for lunch . You expect him back soon ? Hope so . Got medicine to deliver . Papers to deliver . Homework . DAVID : You 're a busy man . Have to keep moving or it piles up on you . Yeah . I have to keep moving too . - Can you help me out ? - How ? Well , I 'm looking for a fella . He 's a very sick man . He has diabetes . Do you remember delivering insulin to anybody ? Some kind of diet food ? Look , it 'd be a lot faster if you 'd let me look through the prescription files , huh ? - No . Mr. Lukas would tan my hide- - - Come on . Come on . How about it ? A dollar , huh ? - Well , okay . - Thanks . Take a look at this . Is that where you delivered it ? Longwood Motel ? - Yeah . Uh-huh . - Where is it ? When you go out , turn to the right . Go down about a quarter of a mile . Thanks . Police headquarters , please . Mr. Tate . [ KNOCKS ] Mr. Tate , I know you 're in there . Now , look , I have to talk to you . I need your help . It 's important to both of us . Look , my name is David Vincent . I 'm not from the plant . I wasn 't sent by Dunn . Do you understand that ? I 'm not one of Dunn 's people . Mr. Tate , I need your help . We can help each other . [ TYRES SCREECHING ] POLICEMAN : Freeze , mister . Look , Morgan Tate is inside . Do you hear me ? Morgan Tate 's in room two , there . Why don 't you check on it ? Will you check on it ? He 's in room two . Miss Carol Tate , please . WOMAN [ ON PHONE ] : Sir , Miss Tate left word that all her calls are to be transferred to the Peninsula Plant . That 's Ocean 7406 . Yes . Yes , I know the number . [ RINGS ] - Yes ? TATE : Carol Tate , please . I think it 's him . Hello , Father . It is you , Carol . I hoped never to have to talk to you again . Unfortunately , I 've never had much luck where you 're concerned . So I 'll be brief , Father . Wait a minute . There 's something you must- - CAROL : I want you to return the file that you stole from Mr. Dunn . - Do you understand ? - Carol- - Look , how many more lives do you want to ruin ? My mother . Now these men . Carol , please . Honey , listen to me . Dunn and those other men aren 't what they say they are . Believe me when I say you 're in danger . Grave danger . Get away from there . I 'll meet you- - I never knew you had such a melodramatic streak in you , Morgan . Now , about the file , we 're quite desperate about getting it back . I hope you understand how desperate . Is my daughter all right ? For the present , yes . How much does she know ? Your daughter knows nothing of the contents of the file . As long as she remains ignorant of it , she also remains safe . Come back with the file , Morgan . Bring it back in person . BROCK : Mr. Tate . It 's not that we don 't believe you mean well . I don 't care what the D.A. ' s office believes . It 's all here in the newspaper , except for one thing . The way it 's written here , the way Mr. Dunn and Mr. Finney told it to the police and to the newspaper is just the way it happened . Except we weren 't fighting . We didn 't have a fight , did we , Mr. Vincent ? No . There was no fight . All right , let me see if I got this straight , now . You say you were merely out for a stroll near the cliff , you passed by Mr. Vincent , who was conveniently just standing there , - you stumbled- - - Yes , and he grabbed me . Mr. Brock , we weren 't fighting . He was just trying to pull me back . It was an accident . And then , Mr. Tate , after that long fall to the rocks , you just , um ... Just got up and walked away before the others found you ? I told you . I was stunned . Until today ? Yes , that 's right . Then when I read the story in the newspaper , naturally I came right over here to straighten things out . Naturally . Mr. Vincent , if you were the district attorney , if you were listening to what was just said here , what would you think ? I 'd say you were stuck with an unidentified body . TATE : Mr. Brock , since Mr. Dunn and Mr. Finney swear that David Vincent killed me and since I 'm obviously not dead , I don 't see what reason you have for holding him . There 's one good reason . Assault while making an escape from custody . What 's his bail ? Mr. Tate , I think you 're buying yourself a mess of trouble . How much ? Reagan , take him down to cashier 's office , telephone the judge . All right , unlock him . Vincent , I smell a dead fish in here somewhere . Mr. Tate has buried it for the time being . I hope you 're properly grateful . Don 't thank me yet . There 's a price . All right . You lied for me back there . What is the price ? Mr. Tate ? Not here . Make a right turn , driver . There 's a bar in the middle of block . Let us off there . [ WOMAN LAUGHING ] So ? I need someone to go to the plant . A middleman to make an arrangement with Dunn . What kind of arrangement ? TATE : He 's holding my daughter Carol . I want to make a trade : me for my daughter . Why does he want you ? It 's not just me . There 's a file they want . Even more than they want me . They think I have it . These people , Dunn and the others , they 're not really people . - They 're- - - They 're aliens . Yes , I know all about them . I didn 't think there was anyone else . I 've been working on this for some time . A year ago , they came to see me about leasing the plant . I needed money desperately . I didn 't know all this time what they were doing there . When I found out last week , I decided to do something . - Bourbon and water , no ice . - Same . What 's in this file ? It contains a list of the 11 key alien leaders here on Earth . Men in positions of power in this country , England , France , Germany and Russia . My lab has become the hub , the nerve centre for the transmission of messages from the mother planet to these key leaders . Dunn can 't risk having the names on that list exposed . He has to have it back . Where is the file ? - It 's still there . - The plant ? Yes . When the alarm went off , there was only time to hide it and run . I was gonna go back and get it when things cooled down . David , will you help me get my daughter out of there ? On one condition : I get that file . All right , when we get it , you can take over . Take it to Washington , turn it over to the authorities . I want to see these , whatever they are , exposed . You know what this means ? You may be dead 10 minutes after you enter that plant . We both may be . How long we gonna sit here , mister ? In a minute . In a minute . DUNN : Where is he ? He 'll start through the front gate as soon as he sees his daughter come out . Alone . I get the feeling you don 't trust me . You 've very perceptive . She 'll be out in a few minutes . David Vincent . There it is . Drive up . Keep your lights off . Back the cab up , turn it around and when the lady comes out , we 'll be leaving right away . Where 's Carol ? She 'll be out soon . I haven 't been able to find that ladder to the roof . It 's in the back , at the north end of the plant . When you get to the roof , directly ahead there 's a skylight , underneath that there 's a ladder going right down into the lab . Be careful when you cut the fence . A guard goes by every five minutes . Now , remember , when you 're inside , stall Dunn as long as possible . I 'll try . Why does she hate you so ? She thinks I killed her mother . She was only a kid . She didn 't realise her mother was an alcoholic or how bad things were between us . One day , in an alcoholic frenzy , her mother told me to get out . I guess she didn 't think I really would . Six months after I left , she committed suicide and left a note blaming me . Carol 's never forgiven me . She 's the only person in the world I really care about . And she 's never forgiven me . Hello , Carol . You look very well . So do you , Father . Life 's been good to you , but then why shouldn 't it ? A man like you , you deserve only the best . You 've earned it . TATE : Goodbye , Carol . Take the lady back to her hotel . No stops . I 'll call the airport . [ ALIENS SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGES ] I must confess , Morgan , to learn that the file was here in the plant all the time is a delicious irony that even I can appreciate . Where is it , Mr. Tate ? I 'm trying to remember . It all happened so fast . Just give me another minute . It was very confusing . There were people coming from all directions . Just another minute . We are running out of minutes , Mr. Tate . I 'm still trying to think . Perhaps it would quicken your memory , Mr. Tate , if I remind you that just because your daughter is at liberty now , doesn 't necessarily mean she 'll remain so . Just a few feet away from me all the time . Well , it all seems to be here . [ ALL GRUNTING ] Vincent . Look out . This is communications headquarters , we are abandoning all operations here . We have lost Command Roster One . Take the usual steps immediately . Repeat : We have lost Command Roster One . You 're lucky man , Vincent . D.A. ' s so glad to get rid of you , he 's not gonna to make you pay for that little dance we had at the morgue . Just make sure you 're out of town by midnight . There 's her hotel . [ KNOCKS ] Come in . My father sent you to hold my hand all the way home to Boston ? - Miss Tate , your father is- - - I know what my father is . He looked tired , didn 't he ? I didn 't know him very well , but I know he loved you very much . - Sure . - He loved you . In the next few weeks , you 're gonna be hearing a lot about him and you 'll be going through all kinds of legal hassle . There are some things you should know about him . - Things you 've got to know about him . - What things ? Do you mind if I ride to the airport with you ? Not at all . NARRATOR : Carol Tate had lost her father to a nameless enemy . But the enemy had also suffered a grave blow . They had lost Command Roster One . In the days that followed , the 11 key aliens either resigned , disappeared or died in a tragic accident , their bodies never to be recovered . The invaders timetable for conquest had received a major setback .
