 [ TIRES SCREECHING ] Look at those crazy kids . One headlight . They 're mine . - I 'll see you , Sam . - Okay . [ SIREN WAILING ] [ SIREN STOPS ] Let 's see your licence . What did we do ? Get out and I 'll show you . Leave your lights on . We were only going 30 miles an hour . - I mean , we were both watching here . - Out . That 'll cost you . Oh , yeah . You 're careful and you try to drive like an old lady , and get stopped for a headlight . [ HEART BEATING ] What 's that ? Oh , it 's nothing . - Look , officer , please ? - Open it . Now , listen , it 's a girl . It 's a nice girl and she just- - She got a little oiled up at the beach . We 're gonna be in enough hot water with her old man as it is . I said , open it . Okay . [ HEART BEATING ] What is it ? What is it ? [ TIRES SCREECHING ] [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] ANNOUNCER : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders : Alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner , and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : John Larch , Carol Rossen , Frank Overton . [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] NARRATOR : A police officer has seen something so terrifying that he had been driven to hysteria . And from hysteria to the thin edge of madness . His incoherent words describing a creature not of this world and a strange , metallic disc bring David Vincent to this Rhode Island city and officer Hal Corman . But why can 't I stay with him and talk to him ? You 're his psychiatrist . Now , believe me , he won 't respond , Mrs. Corman , even if he hears you . His mind has put up a barrier to shut out whatever happened to him . Now we have to find a way to reach through that barrier to bring him back to reality without frightening him , without driving him deeper into himself . How ? Well , we can 't do it here . We don 't have the facilities . I have papers for you to sign that will give us permission to take him where he 'll get the help he needs . No , I won 't let him go to one of those places . Joan . Joan , you have to for Hal 's sake , you do . All right . - Do what you have to do . - We 'll go to my office . You 'd better stay here , lieutenant . She needs someone to blame . Just be patient . I 'll wait for her down the hall . - Hello . - Yes ? A friend of mine , Sergeant Hal Corman , was brought in last night . - Is he allowed visitors ? - No , I 'm afraid not . Do you think I could see his doctor for a moment ? Pardon me . I 'd like to talk to you , please . Over here . - Name ? - David Vincent . Identification ? Where were you last night , Mr. Vincent ? Here 's an airplane ticket , flight 402 this morning . What 's this all about ? One man knows what happened to Hal Corman , what he really saw . That 's the man driving that station wagon on the beach road last night . I 'm gonna find that man . You 're looking in the wrong place . Why would he come here ? Why did you come here ? I know most of Hal 's friends . I 've never seen you before . Well , let 's just say I 'm interested . The driver of that wagon would be too . Tell you what , Mr. Vincent , I 'm gonna hang on to this until I check with the airline . - Where are you staying ? - The Shoreham . Okay . You 'll hear from me . Well , Joan , let me take you home . - Thank you , I can get home . - I wanna help Hal . Will you do me a favour and not help him anymore ? Just leave him alone . Joan , I told you how sorry I am . It 's a little late for apologies . If it hadn 't been for you , if you hadn 't talked Hal- - Joan , do we have to rehash that again ? Why , Greg , what 's wrong ? Six months ago you were so proud . You and your protege were gonna take this town apart , clean it up , and to heck with the city-hall boys . Nothing happened to you , Greg . Nothing at all . But Hal lost everything . His rank , his future , and now- - Now blame me . If it hadn 't been for you , he wouldn 't have been on that beach patrol last night . He 'd have been at a desk at the precinct . You can run away from it , Greg , but you can 't change the truth . [ DOORBELL RINGS ] Yes ? Mrs. Corman ? I 'd like to talk to you about your husband . Haven 't you people written enough about him ? Why can 't you just- - ? I 'm not a reporter . My name is David Vincent . Now , your husband had an experience that I might know something about . Now , if I could talk to him , maybe I could help him and myself . What kind of an experience ? Could I have five minutes to talk to you ? Please ? All right . [ TYPEWRITER CLACKING ] This doesn 't make sense . - What 's it supposed to mean ? ANDY : Just what it says . That David Vincent 's some kind of a kook . Claims that aliens from outer space are trying to take over the Earth . And he was on flight 402 this morning . [ PHONE RINGING ] Hello ? Yes . Uh-huh . Just a minute , please . Hey , Greg . Dr. Grayson . He says Joan Corman has brought this Vincent guy over to the hospital . Dr. Grayson . Lieutenant , you 'd better get down here . Yes . This Vincent 's with her now . If I don 't let him see her husband , she 'll have him taken out of my care . Well , can she do that ? Of course she can do it . She committed him voluntarily . Well , if nobody stops her , I will not be responsible for what happens . Oh , if the captain asks for me , you don 't know where I am . Greg , wait a second , will you ? You know , if it hadn 't been for the captain you 'd have been busted just like Hal was . Now , you 're gonna keep on operating like a one-man army , and you 're gonna wind up without a job , without a pension . Exactly nothing . Yeah . Joan , why can 't you get it through your head ? You 've read the report and he doesn 't even deny it . I don 't care what the report says about me . The facts behind it are true . That 's why I 'm here . GRAYSON : Mrs. Corman , we know little enough about the human mind . This man knows nothing . One wrong word and he can push your husband so far into his own world that we 'll never be able to reach him . And one right word and Hal might come back to me . Can you guarantee me that much ? I 'm not going to argue with you anymore . Do we see my husband or do I take him out of your care ? Hal , we 're going to help you . Please help us . Do you understand ? Hal , you don 't know me . But I think we have something in common . We may have been through the same kind of experience . Hal , try to remember the metal disc . The metal disc you talked about last night . A metal unknown to us . Warm , very warm . And when it touched you , it began vibrating . Someone held this disc in the palm of his hand and tried to press it against your neck . Is that what happened ? It 's all right , Hal . Now , if that 's what happened , you 're not alone . I 've seen it too . Now , Hal , try to remember . You saw something last night , what was it ? What did you see ? What was it , Hal ? Hal . Out . All of you , get out . - Hal . - I said , get out . He heard . I know that he heard . What happened ? Hal . GRAYSON : Push that buzzer by the door and get out . [ JOAN SOBBING ] [ DOOR BUZZES ] Vincent . Boy , I should have found some charge against you , stopped you before this happened . I got through to him . Sure . Sure . Tricks . What kind of a crackpot are you ? What do you want ? The truth . And I 've found it . It 's up to you to dig up a lead on that station wagon . Until I find something to book you on , I 'm gonna stay on your neck . Fine . I might appreciate that later on . But you 'd better put a guard on Hal Corman . You 're out of your mind . I got through to him . If it happens again , if he talks , his life 's not worth a cent . Do you understand that ? He 's seen them . They can 't afford to have him talk . You 've got to guard him . I want you out of here now . Lieutenant , that metal disc he saw , all they need is one minute alone with him in that room and he 's gone . - It 'll look like a cerebral haemorrhage . - And they 'll do this ? I know what I 'm talking about . Go on back to your hotel and wait . I 'm not done with you . Even if you don 't believe me , you 'd better put a guard on him . [ KNOCKING ] - David Vincent ? - Yes . You 'd better come with me to the station . Why ? Hal Corman is dead . - How ? - Cerebral haemorrhage . Straight ahead . [ BOTH GRUNTING ] [ CAR APPROACHING ] Hey , what 's going on here ? Look , I want this whole area clear . But it 's my hotel . Those were shots . - What happened ? - Shots ? No , a can of gas went up . That 's all . Look , I want them all out of here until I check the damage . Now , come on , will you ? MANAGER : All right , folks , back upstairs . Nothing here now . Go back upstairs . Go upstairs . - You okay ? - Yeah , I 'll be all right . All right , would you mind telling me what I saw happen a couple minutes ago ? Well , you told them . A can of gas went up . Don 't be funny , Vincent . You know what you saw . What you wanna believe is up to you . What we have to find out is what Hal Corman saw . This is the car . Well ? Who was that man I shot ? It wasn 't a man . Well , you have a report on me . A complete file . You know what I 've been tracking down . Invaders from another planet . You just saw one die . I found this in the front seat . A ticket stub for the Ninth Street ferry . It 's stamped last night . - We can trace it . - While you 're at it . The owner of the car , female , 28 , Selene Lowell . And thank you , lieutenant . I said I 'd be glad you were on my neck . I was . I came here to pick you up after Hal died . He didn 't just die . He was murdered . I 'd better stop by the station , have them check the stub , pick up the wagon . Selene Lowell , huh ? Oh , Vincent . Now , remember , this is police business . I 'm probably sticking my neck out by letting you in on it . So don 't louse me up . Pardon me , could you tell me where I can find Miss Lowell ? You go all the way around the bend , take your first exit to the right . She 's outside by the fish tank . I am not hysterical . You 're tired . We all are . But there is nothing wrong . Ken , please . You 're so afraid if I say anything to the police about Dr. Lanier 's disappearance , if it gets into the papers , that it 'll jeopardise your precious grant . Selene . Now , look . Just give me a chance to check . - Are you Miss Lowell ? - Yes . I 'm Lieutenant Lucather and this is Mr. Vincent . Excuse me . Now , you said on the phone that you found my station wagon . Where was it ? You mean , you didn 't even know it was missing ? Well , no . Everybody uses it . The keys are always in the ignition . Well , then somebody here could have been driving it yesterday . Oh , absolutely not . No . Miss Lowell , we have proof that the car was used last night . A ticket stub from the Ninth Street ferryboat . Oh , please , what aren 't you telling me ? What happened to him ? Who , Miss Lowell ? Well , I said I wouldn 't say anything , but I guess I have to . Dr. Lanier is missing . He 's the head of the sea lab . Last night while we were working , he felt ill . He went home . This morning I checked- - We live in the same building . - -but there was no answer . All right , Miss Lowell , after we finish here , why don 't we go down to headquarters ? Then you can give us a complete rundown on Lanier . All right , I hope I can be of some help . Well , if you 'll come with me . Ken- - That is , Dr. Harrison is not going to be very happy that I mentioned anything to you . That feeding should have been done two hours ago . Everything 's been off schedule for weeks . Are you trying to meet a deadline ? Trying but I don 't know whether we 're gonna make it . That 's why it 's so unreasonable for Dr. Lanier to have gone . Well , that new wing has got to be finished and- - Well , for some kind of a meeting next week . If this kind of work you 're doing isn 't secret , would you mind telling me about it ? Well , if you weren 't policemen , I 'd say no . But maybe you 'll see why we 're under such strict orders about publicity . Publicity , huh . Now , that is something we didn 't have to worry about under our last director . And then he had a heart attack , and Dr. Lanier took over the lab , and everything changed . Everything . Ken and I are the only ones that are left from the old staff , and Ken- - Let me show you something . SELENE : You know what that is ? No , but whatever it is , you can have it . It 's life . Created life . Dr. Lanier has had Ken experimenting with primordial conditions . The way the Earth was when lightning hit the sea and first life was born . We 've been duplicating these conditions by sending electricity through a mixture of seawater , amino acids and other compounds we know were in the sea then . This is only on a very small scale . Now I 'll show you what our grant 's giving us the money to do . [ TYPEWRITER CLACKING ] SELENE : This is the new wing . Dr. Harrison is over there . Do you mind if I wander around a bit ? I guess it 's all right . By the size of that cable , you could light a whole city . Yeah , I guess you could . Do you need all that power ? You have your own generators . I don 't work here , pal . I 'm just with the power company . You 'll have to ask one of the brains there . I 'm sorry to be so abrupt , lieutenant , but I just don 't have the time . Ken , I 'm going to headquarters with Lieutenant Lucather and Mr. Vincent . I 'll be back . Selene , I wish you- - Don 't worry about coming back , we 're not gonna work late tonight . I 'll call you when we find out what 's wrong . I 'm sorry I couldn 't be more help , lieutenant . Thanks , anyway . Naturally , I wish Selene hadn 't involved the police . But she was right to be concerned . I 've been afraid that Dr. Lanier was pushing himself too hard . The strain of rushing to get the lab ready may have been too much . Instead of worrying about Dr. Lanier , all I did was worry about publicity . You know , I should go down to headquarters . There might be something I can tell the police that 'd help find him . No , Ken . Your place is here . Without the knowledge he gave you , without your skill , he 's lost , Ken . He needs you . He told you about the meeting next week . Those coming to that meeting , my people , will not be able to reach their goal without his contribution . He 's the key . Do you understand , Ken ? If we lose Lanier , his scientific genius , our timetable for this planet will be set back months , years . It 's why we came to this laboratory , why we put in the new wing . For him , Ken . For him . What does he want me to do ? He wants you to bring him back , to give him human form again . No , I 'm sorry , but he hasn 't come back yet . Well , sure , I 'll have him call you the minute he comes in . Right . Wait a second . Oh , he just walked in . Greg , it 's Joan Corman . It 's the second time she 's called . Thanks . Yeah , Joan , what is it ? What 's the matter ? Now , look , Joan , just take it easy now . What ? Where , Joan ? Where did they come from ? All right , look , you just take it easy . Stay where you are . I 'll get back to you as soon as I can , okay ? She 's at home . Half out of her mind . She 's been trying to reach me for hours . She 's just given us the lead we 've been looking for . Just before he died , Hal told her where to find the people responsible for his murder . - What , he told her ? - Yeah . There 's a warehouse across the river , Allyson Street . Just one block from the Ninth Street ferry . - The one we found the ticket for ? - That 's right . Wait a minute now . A man in deep shock , so deep that he blocks out the whole world , comes to just long enough to give you the exact information you need , huh ? And his wife comes to you with the information . The woman who considers you responsible for her husband 's death . - Come off it , Vincent . - It 's a trap . - Trap ? That was Joan Corman . - Check it out . I don 't have to . I know her . It was Joan . It could be one of them . It 's not hard for them to duplicate her voice . - Now , if you go , you 'll- - - I have to go . If it hadn 't been for me and my stinking crusade , Hal wouldn 't have been on the beach that night . Mrs. Corman , please . Are you sure about that ? No , no . Thank you . That was Mrs. Corman 's landlady . She left town an hour ago . She went to see her husband 's relatives in Illinois . Do you know where that warehouse is ? Yes , I could see it from the dock when I took Dr. Lanier to the ferry . Wait a minute . You mean to tell me you were in that station wagon ? No , not last night . It was a week ago . Dr. Lanier was feeling sick just like he felt last night . And he begged me to get him to the ferry . He said that his doctor was somewhere across the river . I know I should have said something , but the way everyone 's been acting , you know , nothing has made any sense . - Mr. Vincent , what 's happened ? - Sergeant , I need some help . What kind of help , Mr. Vincent ? Lieutenant Lucather 's in danger . Grave danger . Oh , he sure is . When the captain gets through with him , - he 's gonna think its danger . DAVID : This is no joke . Oh , look , pal . All the lieutenant told me when he called in was to turn the girl 's wagon over to her . He didn 't say anything to me about listening to your nightmares . Now , the wagon 's outside and the keys are in it . Do me a favour , will you ? Be my guest . Show me where that warehouse is . Dr. Harrison , now , the only way I can get you that much current is to change every relay at the power station . That means to suck all the electricity from the border to here right through that line . Now , that would blow every transformer in the city . Ken ? One burst of power . I must have it . Yes , but if the power system blows- - Then our generators can take over . Go to the power company . Do it . Now . We 're too late to catch the last ferry . Is there another way across ? There 's a bridge about a half-mile down . Mr. Vincent , I don 't know what 's going on , and I think I 'm entitled to some explanation . Well , I wonder whose explanation you 'll believe . Mine or Dr. Lanier 's . Try me . All right . We 're being invaded by beings from another world . I believe they 've already taken over the sea lab . [ HEART BEATING ] We 're ready , Dr. Lanier . Ken . Yes . Now . - Mr. Vincent . - Give me five minutes . Either you 're out of your mind , or if everything you 've said is true , we should be going to the police . Just five minutes . You . Come with me . For what it 's worth , I apologise . Now you know . What 's that supposed to be ? This is a regeneration station . To keep themselves in a human form . And to get rid of us . Without leaving a mark or a trace , they can induce a simple heart attack . [ ALL GRUNTING ] ALIEN : Hold it . Over there . Give me full force . [ GUNSHOTS ] [ GUNSHOTS ] The sea lab . Quick . [ TYRES SCREECH ] - What were those shots ? - Just keep driving . It looks like every light in the city 's out . Those power lines I saw at the sea lab could draw enough current to black out a city twice this size . But those lines weren 't connected . The lab isn 't even operating . They have their own generators . Maybe they have to develop something more important than a handful of jelly . What are you talking about ? Dr. Lanier was sick last night . The station wagon picked him up , took him to that regeneration station . The ticket stub proves that much . Well , something must have gone wrong , because usually when regeneration fails , they die and they burn up . But suppose something else started to happen . Like what ? Suppose he started to slip back , suppose he was losing his human form and the regeneration tubes didn 't work . Look , Hal saw something that was so terrifying that it drove him mad . That something has been at the sea lab all day . - Dr. Lanier ? - Dr. Lanier . Hold the level . Hold it . That meeting next week must be very important . So must Dr. Lanier . Or they wouldn 't risk blacking out a whole city . I don 't understand . Ken wouldn 't work with them . I know that . Well , he may have no choice . They might be controlling him . GRAYSON : It 's working , Ken . What do we need now ? Ken ? Nothing but time . Nothing but time . Ten minutes . Ten minutes . Is there another way in ? There 's a door behind the control room . A stairway inside leads directly to the new wing . Distract that guard long enough for us to get in that door . - The whole staff might be- - - Just let us get inside that door . One thing , Vincent , what happens when we get inside ? If I 'm right , you make a quick phone call and become a hero back at headquarters . And if you 're wrong , do you know where a 51-year-old ex-cop can get a job ? SELENE : Jimmy . What are you doing around so late ? Just waiting for my ride , Miss Lowell . Oh , well , why don 't you come with me ? I 'll drop you off as soon as I get Ken . No matter what he said , I know he 's still working . No he isn 't , Miss Lowell . He left a while ago . Well , I 'm glad to hear that . You can just push yourself so far , can 't you ? Are you sure you don 't want a ride ? No , thanks , Miss Lowell , I 'll wait . Okay , I 'll see you tomorrow morning . You wanted to meet Dr. Lanier ? There he is . LUCATHER : Grayson . Now you know who killed Hal Corman . Make your call . - The salinity level . Raise it . Raise it . - Doctor- - I told you to forget about Miss Lowell . You 're distracting him . Andy , Greg . Let me talk to the captain . ALIEN : Open it . Get them out of here . Get them out of here . It 's all right , Ken . No guns , no noise . Cut the generators . Cut the generators . Kill him . Don 't , Ken . You must for Dr. Lanier . Please . [ SOBBING ] You 'll be needing this . Oh , the return flight isn 't marked on it . I 'll be leaving in an hour . Now , are you sure you don 't want me to go with you to the FBI ? I 'm not going there . Why not ? I mean , after all of this ? How is she ? Well , she 's asleep again . Having bad dreams , though . They think she 'll have them for a while . What did the doctor say ? Well , the doctor called it a small breakdown . She 'll be here for a couple of months . Well ... Now , if you 'll excuse me , I think I 'll go home and get some rest myself . Will you ever tell him what happened ? What good would it do ? Now , look , David , she 's had a breakdown and he can 't remember anything , but you still got me . I 'm willing to stick my neck out . You 'd only regret it . The only proof we have is that fire at the sea lab . Now , the power company says that was due to a faulty relay . How about some coffee ? Why not ? If I 'm late again , well , I 'm in trouble with the captain anyway . But my conscience is clear . I did what I had to do . I found out what happened to Hal . And maybe I found out a little more than that . Coffee sounds good . NARRATOR : One cup of coffee , a few stolen minutes , a last small gesture of defiance for a crusader who fought and won a crusade and knows he can never claim the victory .
