 [ TIRES SCREECHING ] [ TYRES SCREECHING ] [ BRIDE PANTING ] Okay- - Ooh ! My leg . I think- - I think it 's broken . BRIDE : Wait , now , don 't move . Don 't move . I 'll get around the other side to help you . Bill . Bill , did you see that ? - Get some help , will you ? - But he just burned up . Get going . There 's a gas station back down the road a way . BRIDE : No , I don 't wanna leave you here . Hey , look , I 'll be all right . [ BOTH COUGHING ] Get going . Please . [ CHOKING ] [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] ANNOUNCER : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders : alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : Linden Chiles , Julie Sommars , Edward Asner , and special guest star , Burgess Meredith . [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] NARRATOR : An accident on a deserted highway . A honeymoon couple that dies by suffocation in the open air . A chemical truck , traced to a company that doesn 't exist . Strange circumstances for which David Vincent can find one answer . Somehow , some way , alien beings from another world must be involved . Hi , having any trouble ? No . Thanks , anyway . [ DAVID COUGHING ] MAN : It is a tragic fact that hatred and war have become influential factors in our national economy . And if the present trend continues , we may soon discover that our enemies are more valuable than our friends . And so , until tomorrow , this is Theodore Booth saying good night . Nice show , Mr. B. Thank you , Ann . Will you tell Phil- - ? Never mind . Phil , thank you , one and all , and never mind playing back the tape . I 'll catch it on the air tonight , maybe . Will you call the Press Club and confirm that luncheon tomorrow with the undersecretary ? - Yes , sir . - Great material , Ted . - Hope you write a column on it . - Ha , ha ! You 're a little late . I 've already written it . Don 't you read your own newspapers ? Just the circulation reports . And frankly , they 're rather depressing . Are you trying to tell me something ? I got a call from David Vincent this morning . - Remember him ? - Yes , Chicken Little . Running around claiming the sky was falling in . Don 't underestimate him , Ted . A few months ago , he almost had you convinced . That man is a psycho . I warned him about bothering us . Until he could prove his stories . Well , he claims he has proof . You believe him ? It 's worth investigating . A story of that magnitude . Well , send one of your staffmen . McMULLEN : I seem to recall a quotation from one of your columns . One of your early columns : " When a newsman stops chasing women , he 's old . When he stops chasing headlines , he 's dead . " Unquote . Wait a minute , I won 't be long . Thank you for coming . I haven 't got much time . All right . Do you remember reading this ? Not yet , what about it ? Well , their car hit a truck carrying chemical supplies . The truck driver disappeared . The couple suffocated in open air . You claim that your invaders are responsible for this ? I have proof of it inside . Safe-deposit . Have you told the police ? I tried them and the FBI , even the CIA . The earliest I can get to anyone in authority is tomorrow . By then , my proof may have disappeared . BOOTH : Disappeared ? What kind of proof is that ? DAVID : That 's what they 've been asking . Let 's take a look at it . Thank you . Well , do you wanna explain to me what that is ? Whatever it is , it does something to the air . The foliage around the accident site where I found it was withered and dead . It seems to shrink when it 's exposed to the air . Wow . That looks like a piece of costume jewel- - Jewellery . [ WHEEZING ] [ COUGHS ] You asthmatic ? Do you always have trouble breathing ? Well , have you- - ? Have you had that analyzed ? Not yet . All right , I 'll tell you what I 'll do . Now , I- - It 's all right to touch this ? Well , I have , nothing 's happened to me . As long as you keep it airtight . All right . Now , I 'm on my way to the Press Club , and I 'll take it to a lab and have it analyzed . I have to warn you , carrying this thing could put your life in danger . Don 't worry , I don 't intend to aggravate my asthma . And I will warn the lab technicians to use oxygen masks . What if it checks out ? If it checks out ? I will use my columns , I 'd use my TV programmes as a soapbox . If it checks out . There 's one question I 'd like to ask you : How do I recognise these creatures of yours ? They look just like us . Some of them have an awkwardness about their hand , a mutated fourth finger . I have to warn you again , they may know we have this crystal . If they know you 're carrying it , there 's no telling what they 'll do . Your paranoia is showing again , son . Call me tonight about 7 . I should have a lab report by then . Listen , I meant what I said . You 've gotta be careful . All right . DAVID : Mr. Booth . I 've only got 20 minutes before my appointment . That cab driver , is he the same one who brought you ? Why , of course . I 'm not so sure . Listen , boy , you relax , will you ? You better relax . That was an alien weapon he had . Now , look , you gotta call McMullen right away . Tell him you 're gonna start a series of articles exposing the existence of alien beings here on Earth . Don 't push me . How do I know this isn 't some sort of a setup , some gimmick to convince me ? Once you announce your plans , they won 't touch you . It 'll draw too much attention to the story . All right . I 'll call McMullen . TAUGUS : Mr. Vincent . I hope you 'll change your mind about this project . My regards to your brother , Mr. Vincent , and to his charming wife . - Grace ? WOMAN : In here . Hey . How 's your son ? Oh , boy , is he asserting himself . Another month , I 'll need long-handled brushes . - Aren 't you home early ? - Mm-hm . Hard day at the office : one ingrown toenail and one sore throat . I 'm probably the only doctor in town that 's read all the magazines in his waiting room . [ DOORBELL RINGS ] - Bob , that 's probably David . - David ? Oh , that 's- - He called this morning . He said he was driving out to see us . - What do you suppose he wants ? - Bob , please . - Hello , David . - Bob . Come in , David . You must be tired . Hi , Grace . You look well . What are you drinking ? Nothing , thanks . I don 't have much time . - I wanna talk to you- - - Do you mind if I make myself one ? You 're in a hurry . What 's on your mind ? Bob . Well , nothing 's changed , huh ? Same hostility , disbelief . Well , here we go again . I 'll bet it 's all about those bogeymen from outer space , isn 't it ? Bob , you 're in trouble . You and Grace . - David- - - Now , you 're gonna listen to me - whether you like it or not . BOB : Please get off- - I know what you think of me . You think I 'm a crackpot . A sensationalist who got out of architecture to make a quick buck . - David- - - I understand that , but it doesn 't change the fact that a couple hours ago , you became a target for them . Heaven 's sake , you really won 't get off of it , will you ? What do you want ? I 've blown a hole in my life because of you . - Bob , listen to me . - When you started screaming about flying saucers , I backed you up all the way . Not because I believed it but because you 're my brother . I stood behind you . You know what I got out of it . Nothing . - When are you gonna quit ? - When you start listening to me . Understand I 'm only trying to save- - Save ? Save what ? Save my practise ? That 's gone . I think you know why . I don 't have to explain it to you , do I ? Bob , will you do one thing ? Call Theodore Booth at the San Francisco Courier . This Theodore Booth , he believes you ? That 's right . Now , call him . After you 've called him , arrange for police protection , but don 't wait . Bob , if you believe that I 've ever in my life cared for you , please don 't wait . He 's ill , Bob . He needs help . Yeah , I wish I could help him . I really do . [ PHONE RINGS ] Hello ? Yes , this is Dr. Vincent . Who is this , please ? Mrs. Endicott , what seems to be the trouble ? Yes . Well , now , look , just calm down . I 'll be there in a couple of minutes . What 's your address ? 212 Frontier Avenue . Yes , I 'm leaving right now . - Emergency ? - No . More like a heart attack . [ DOOR CLOSES ] - Mrs. Endicott ? - Yes . I 'm Dr. Vincent . I didn 't know if I had the right address . Come in , doctor . He 's real sick . I 'm glad you 're here . Mr. Vincent . Your brother is alive and well . He won 't be harmed if you do as you 're told . What have you done to him ? Where is he ? Now , now , now . He 'll be returned as soon as you meet our demands . First , Theodore Booth is not to publish or broadcast any information concerning our presence here . Secondly , Mr. Booth is to publish a column completely discrediting you . It will contain your confession that you have lied about your experiences with us . On the day that column first appears in print , your brother will be returned to you . If he 's still alive . Now , Mr. Vincent , I 'm sure you 'll agree that it would serve no purpose for us to kill him . Unless I see that he 's all right , unless I talk to him , no deal . I expected you to ask that . He 'll call tomorrow about this time . DAVID : I 'll be waiting at his place . Oh , and one more thing . Please , if you value your brother 's life , don 't call the police . I don 't believe it . DAVID : I 'm sorry , Grace , it 's true . But why would anyone kidnap Bob ? We 've no money . We can 't pay ransom . Grace , didn 't you understand anything I said earlier today ? He 's my brother . As long as they have him , they can keep me from talking to Booth . Honey , I didn 't imagine this . They came to my hotel room and told me they had taken Bob . Dear God . Grace . Why haven 't you called the police ? - Why ? - We can 't , not yet . You don 't know who you 're dealing with . I don 't care . I want the police . Look , you 're only gonna make it worse for Bob . They won 't kill him as long as we don 't panic . Don 't you see ? He 's their bargaining power . Without Bob , they have nothing to hold over my head . Now , let me do it my way . You 've got to trust me . I do ? Why ? Because you 're his brother ? Because you say so ? How can I trust someone who 's- - ? Who might be psycho ? Do you really believe I am ? Honey , they 're gonna let Bob call tomorrow at dinnertime . Now , at least let me talk to Booth before you ruin our one chance of getting Bob out alive . Please , Grace . Please . I don 't know . I don 't know anything anymore . Who I am , what 's happening . All right , David . Your way . Do whatever you want . But God help you if your way turns out to be wrong . [ WHEEZING ] [ COUGHING ] Hello ? Hello ? Harry ? Harry ? [ KNOCKING ] Harry , it 's Ted Booth . Harry ? [ WHEEZING ] Police ? There 's been a bad accident at Laboratory Analysts Incorporated . That 's right , 775 Academy Boulevard . Never mind who this is . Just get somebody up here . Goodbye . [ DOOR OPENS ] [ BOB YELLS ] [ COUGHING ] May I advise you to save your breath , doctor ? Who are you ? I think you know , Dr. Vincent . Your brother must have mentioned me often . I 've just met with him . And I 've agreed to let you place a telephone call , to assure him of your good health . I 'm not gonna make that phone call . You 'll subject your wife and brother to needless anxiety . They 'll think I 'm dead , won 't they ? - Possibly . - I 'm not gonna make that phone call . My brother , David , has found out a way to destroy you , and there 's nothing you can do about it . You 'll make the call , doctor . Don 't bet on it . DAVID : Yes , I know it 's the third time I 've tried . You 've gotta get my message through to Mr. Booth . Now , look , does he belong to a club of any kind ? Or does he have a lady friend ? Any place that you haven 't thought of ? All right , fine . Please keep trying . Okay , fine . Thanks . I 'll check again in about a half-hour . Goodbye . As a man of science , you may find this interesting , doctor . Those crystal clusters you see in there are produced by combining the substance known as mica with a catalytic agent found only on our planet . What does this have to do with me ? When exposed to the Earth 's atmosphere , those crystals simply displace the oxygen in the air . Grace . Grace . Get her out of there ! She 'll suffocate . TAUGUS : Most forms of life on this planet , including the human , suffocate within minutes . It 's difficult with my people . Oxygen makes living here difficult for us . It forces us to keep regenerating ourselves . Oh . Please , she 's never done anything to hurt you . We hope to change the Earth 's atmosphere into something nearer the atmosphere on our own planet . She 's dying in there . She 's dying . Get her out of there ! The phone call , doctor ? Yes , anything . Just get her out of there . Please . Please , stop it . She 'll be all right , doctor . Now , you just relax for a few hours . We have a phone call to make this evening . [ KNOCKING ] Grace ? Grace , it 's David . Grace , where have you been ? It 's almost 6 : 00 . Hey , honey , what 's wrong ? - Grace , are you all right ? - Oh , David . Come on , let 's get inside . I think I saw him , David . Who , Bob ? Where ? Some woman came by and she said she 'd take me to my husband . They- - Two men were with her . They blindfolded me and they drove me to a factory of some kind . Where was it ? Try to remember . They took the blindfold off and they- - They pushed me into a room . All of a sudden I couldn 't breathe . It was like I was drowning . - Honey , did you see Bob ? - I think I did . [ CRYING ] I don 't- - Before I blacked out . I don 't remember . Look , just calm down a minute . I want you to pack your bags and get out of town , tonight . - I can 't leave . - Let 's not argue . I want you out of town where they can 't pick you up again . Pack your bags . [ PHONE RINGS ] That should be Bob . - Hello ? BOB : David ? It 's Bob . - Bob ? - Bob , are you all right ? I 'm fine . How 's Grace ? I 'm worried . They told me they took her home . She 's all right . She 's right here with me . Oh , thank God . - Are you sure you 're all right ? - Yes , I 'm sure . I 'm in deep water again , David . But I survived before , remember ? So just don 't worry about me . Mr. Vincent ? Have you made the proper arrangements with Booth ? I 've tried everything . I 've left messages with his service . The television station he works for , his newspaper- - Try harder . You 've got till noon tomorrow . What happened ? - Still in deep water . - What ? Come on , you pack your things . I 'll call the airport . David ? Doesn 't Booth know about Bob ? No , not yet . Suppose he prints something before you reach him . The wrong thing . What then ? We can 't print it , Joe . And we can 't put it on the air . Here , read these messages . It doesn 't make sense . When you need him most , he runs off for Santa Carla . Well , if he went , it must be important . More important than this ? The biggest story of our time , and you want to sit on it . That is only one column . There 's more . There 's a lot more . But how can I get it without David Vincent ? All right , thanks . All right , go to Santa Carla , find him . I 'll get this ready for tomorrow 's edition . Joe . Joe . Listen , did you read those messages carefully ? It says we cannot release that stuff until we 've had a talk . Maybe the man 's in trouble . Maybe they 're pressuring him . I don 't know . Whatever 's holding him back , we just can 't disregard it . I have seen these creatures at work , with that lab technician , and they 're not gonna stop there . You really believe they 're here , Ted ? Yeah . You just make sure that your life insurance is paid up . We know they 're somewhere in the area . If I could only figure out where . I wired your folks . They 'll meet the plane in San Diego . You 'll need the key to the house . They may try to reach you there . " In deep water . " Deep water , deep water . " I 'm in deep water again . " - Archer Creek . - What ? That 's where we used to go when we were kids . Bob almost drowned there when he was 8 . " I 'm in deep water again . " That 's what he was trying to tell me on the telephone . But that creek 's dried up . There 's nothing there now but- - The old winery . It 's been deserted for years . - David , call the police . Call them . - No , I can 't . - I have to get in touch with Booth . - And then what ? Your plane leaves in five minutes . I 'll call you in San Diego . Well , person-to-person to Mr. Theodore Booth . [ KNOCKING ] He 's staying at the- - Never mind , operator , I 'll try later . - Who is it ? BOOTH : Ted Booth . - What are you doing here ? - Well , I 'm looking for you . I 've got a private plane that I can use on occasions like this . I must say , I 'm not crazy about flying around- - - I was just calling you . - I was just calling you . Now , what are all these messages about ? Is the project on or off ? - We can 't go through with it . - What ? They 've kidnapped my brother . Lord . May I help myself ? They said they 'd let him go after you print my public confession . They want me to lie about everything : the aliens , who they are , why they 're here . Well , do you intend to do it ? I 've got to . Strong . I 'm gonna tell you something . You may think it 's very inhuman , but I 'm gonna say it anyway . You know , this brother of yours is one man . One . Do you think that his life is more important than the entire human race ? At the moment , the only one I care about is my brother . Do you know how ironic this is ? You are forcing me to use your own arguments against yourself . Now , I have until noon tomorrow . I cannot let him die . But if I help you , I will be helping the enemy . Now , you can 't expect me to do that . No , no , I know how you feel , but I must- - I must go ahead with these articles and I must go ahead with these broadcasts , with or without your help . You can 't do this . In the first place , you don 't have enough information . Well , I 'll use what information I have . And I know one thing , that my publishers will back me . It won 't be easy without you , but I 'm going to do it . And I 'm going to fight these creatures in every way that I know how . I am going to fight them the way that you wanted me to fight them . I 'm going to fight them the way you fought them once yourself . If you care to remember . Why aren 't you in San Diego ? David , I belong here . I can 't go running off somewhere knowing Bob is ... I just came by to return the key . I won 't be needing it . David ? Where are you going ? Archer Creek . That means you 've talked with Booth . - Yes . - And he 's willing to help ? - No . - But what about Bob ? They 'll kill him . Don 't worry , they won 't . But without Booth , we can 't meet their terms . I 'm about to make them a better offer . David . David ! [ DOORBELL RINGS ] Sorry to intrude . My name is Theodore Booth and I 'm looking for David Vincent . He left a few minutes ago . Are you Dr. Vincent 's wife ? May I have a word with you , please ? Now , David must have told you that he needs my help to save his brother . Why are you here ? Well , unfortunately , I need his help . As least my publisher thinks so . Your publisher ? Yes . He 's a very unpredictable man , and after all these years , he 's finally asserted himself and he has stated that if there is no Vincent , there will be no articles . Now , I am flying home in a short while and I would like one more talk with Mr. Vincent . I 'm sure that we can find a solution . David 's found a solution , Mr. Booth . If I 'm not mistaken , he 's trading his life for Bob 's . Trading his life ? Where is he now ? Archer Creek . - Archer 's Creek . - There 's an old winery there . Oh , yes . Where 's the phone ? We 'll call the police . GRACE : They told us not to call the police . At this point , we have no choice . Now , you talk to them and tell them to meet me there at the winery . I 'm on my way , all right ? TAUGUS : Stay right where you are , Mr. Vincent . Why are you here ? To renegotiate our arrangement . TAUGUS : Our terms were final . I think you 'll prefer my new terms . Now , look , I 'm alone . I have no weapon . Come out where I can see you . Bring my brother with you . I wanna make sure he 's still alive . TAUGUS : Very well , Mr. Vincent . Your way . Would you care to join us ? Get in and drive slowly . State your terms , Mr. Vincent . A simple trade : my life for my brother 's . I 'm sorry . Your death would only dramatise Mr. Booth 's articles , gain them more attention . You should know that . I 'm giving you a chance to discredit me . My brother 's a doctor . He can declare that I became insane , was committed to an institution . Not a chance , David . He can later announce that I died in that institution . Now , that 's the only way I can meet your demands . I 'll be discredited , Booth will lose his source of material , my brother will be at home with his wife and child . David , I 'm not gonna do it like that . You might as well forget it . We would accept your terms , Mr. Vincent , but it seems your brother is not willing to cooperate . I 'm sorry , that 's the way it is . That 's the way it 's gonna stay . [ CAR APPROACHING ] It seems we have another visitor , Mr. Vincent . [ SIRENS WAILING ] [ CARS APPROACHING ] Come out of there , you two . What 's going on here ? Some woman called and said a Dr. Vincent had been kidnapped . I 'm Dr. Vincent . You look okay to me . The two men who kidnapped my brother were in that building . I suppose you didn 't see what happened . What is this , some kind of a gag ? - No . - Officer , there was a building standing right over there just a few seconds ago . Sure , there was . All right , fellas , party 's over . Couple of wise guys with nothing better to do than to waste the taxpayers ' money . - Hey , wait a minute- - - Bob . Forget it . It won 't help . Lieutenant , that story they were telling us about that- - Don 't worry , I 'll check it out . BOB : What is his temperature now , Mrs. Johnson ? A hundred and two . Well , just keep him ... - Is that from memory ? - Mr. Booth 's not easy to forget . Now , I suppose you 're leaving us too . Oh , I 'll be back . Now , you take good care of my nephew , will you ? - Goodbye , David . - Goodbye . BOB : Keep applying hot compresses and keep checking his temperature , and I 'll see him tomorrow afternoon . Yes . Can 't you stay for a day or two ? No , we both have work to do . Grace and I , we 'd like to do something to help . You already have . Now that we 've seen them , we know who they are , I hate to see you go this alone , even if you weren 't my brother . Thanks . I may take you up on that someday . Take good care of Grace . Take good care of yourself . NARRATOR : One man fighting a secret war against a hidden enemy . Someday , when that enemy is defeated , David Vincent will no longer be alone . Someday .
