 [ ENGINE SPUTTERING ] Can 't figure it . No record of the flight of the plane . Not a trace of a body anywhere . Nobody could walk away from a crash like that , that 's for sure . What do you think of this ? MAN 1 : What is it ? - I don 't know . It 's nothing I 've ever seen before . Found in the cockpit . It 's practically weightless . Better get it to a lab in Eastgate . They 'll know what it is . MAN 2 : Right . Hey . How come the roadblock ? Hey , come on , you guys , what 's the gag ? You two new on the job or what ? Now , listen , look , I 'm the regular man on this route . Honest . Just ask any- - [ DEVICE WHIRRING ] [ TIRES SCREECHING ] [ TIRES SQUEAL ] [ GUNSHOT ] [ TIRES SCREECHING ] Leo . You hit ? - Hijackers . Two of them . - Where 'd they go ? [ GASPING ] I got one of ' em . He- - He started to glow . He burned up . - Burned up ? - I swear . I swear . - All right , get the evidence . All right . - I swear . I swear . He burned up . He burned up . I swear . ANNOUNCER : The Invaders . A Quinn Martin Production . Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders . Alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : To make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : James Whitmore , William Tallman , Milton Selzer , and special guest star Susan Strasberg . Tonight 's episode , " Quantity : Unknown . " NARRATOR : A small private plane crashes , leaving no trace of its victims . A mail truck is attacked , two security guards killed . A killer disappears in a burst of flame . News items too incredible to be taken seriously except by one man . David Vincent 's only possible conclusion : the killers had been aliens . And , for reasons of their own , might even be attending their victim 's funeral . PRIEST : Unto Almighty God , we commend the soul of our brother departed and we commit his body to the ground . Earth to earth , ashes to ashes , dust to dust , in sure and certain hope of the resurrection , unto eternal life , through our Lord Jesus Christ , at whose coming in glorious majesty to judge the world , the earth and the sea shall give up their dead , and the corruptible bodies of those who sleep in Him shall be changed , and made like unto His own glorious body , according to the mighty working whereby He is able to subdue all things unto Himself . May God rest his soul . [ WOMAN SOBBING ] Isn 't that the fellow that was at the hospital the day Leo died ? - Wonder who he is . - I don 't know . - Maybe he 's a friend of the family . - No . They don 't even know his name . The name is Vincent . David Vincent . I 'd like to see Mr. Richards . - Do you have an appointment ? - Uh , I 'm afraid not . Sorry , Mr. Richards don 't see anybody without an appointment . Well , tell him I have information about that attack on the mail truck . [ MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] [ GATE WHIRRING ] [ RICHARDS SIGHS ] Shall we continue this in Miss Oberly 's office , Mr. Vincent ? Miss Oberly , will you excuse us , please ? OBERLY : Of course . - Sit down . - No , thank you . All right . Now , just what is your interest in this , Mr. Vincent ? Does it matter if I can help ? Yes , it does , Mr. Vincent . The men who were killed weren 't just numbers to me . I know their families . I visited their homes . I was at Leo Rinaldi 's daughter 's wedding and I was at his funeral , and I want his killers . It does matter , Mr. Vincent , it matters a lot . Now , who are you and exactly what do you know ? I don 't know , I only suspect . People at the newspaper office told me there was a cylinder on that truck . A strange weightless cylinder . There were also a number of items of great value . But not of value to the people who hijacked that truck . Now , I can 't prove it , but for reasons of my own , I believe they were after only one thing on that truck : The cylinder . Now , may I please see it ? Please . RICHARDS : Miss Oberly , will you show Mr. Vincent that cylinder . It 's all right . I 'll tell you , if Leo Rinaldi hadn 't meant so much to me , I think I would throw you out of here on your ear . You found anything out about this ? Where it 's from ? What it 's made of ? Oh , I 've tried to get to it a couple of times , but ... Uh , we 've been very busy working on some government contracts here . Mr. Richards , two men have already been killed because of this cylinder . Now , I can 't begin to guess what it is or why it 's so important . The people responsible for those two killings won 't stop at just two . If necessary , they 'll blow up this entire plant to get this cylinder . Believe me , I know them . They 'll do it . But why would anyone want something like this ? Let 's ask them . I 'm suggesting we set a trap . Let them try to take the cylinder again and catch them . How long would it take to make a duplicate of this ? A couple of hours . Okay , go ahead with it . Now , if the police go along with this , we 'll ship the phoney cylinder to our Cleveland plant and give out a release to the papers . [ HORN HONKS ] - Lt. Farley , this is David Vincent . - Glad to meet you . Well , don 't be . I 'm the guy who argued with the Police Commissioner for an hour and a half about this . RICHARDS : Here she is . - Sorry to be late with this . It 's just sitting in my office . I thought it had been sent to you . I guess we 're all set , lieutenant . - Go right to the airport , Harry . - Yes , sir . Lt. Farley will follow us a short way behind . He 's got men posted along the way . If anything unusual happens ... Uh , well , I 'll tell you while we drive , huh ? [ ENGINE STARTS ] Well , they 'll never have a better chance . Well , they may make their move at the other end in Cleveland . Sure , Vincent , tell me all about it . [ CAR ENGINE STARTS ] DAVID : Hello ? Hello . Uh , is there any news from Cleveland ? I don 't know yet . I 'm going in to see Richards . I understand he 's in your office . Well , congratulations , Vincent . You made all of us look a little sick . That phoney cylinder 's in Cleveland safe and sound . Nobody even looked twice at it . Your enemy agents must have stepped off on the wrong planet . I spent the afternoon running a check on you . I 've got the whole package , the police reports , the medical reports , the works . Medical reports ? He 's a full-time , dedicated crackpot . Oh , this isn 't the first time he 's had people running in circles because of his paranoid delusions . He specializes in false alarms . He sees invaders from outer space under every rock . Delusions don 't commit murders . I 'm sorry , Vincent . Now , wait just a minute , Mr. Richards . Let me explain this . We 're not interested in your explanations , Vincent . Goodbye . I was hoping it would work out the way you wanted it to . Thank you . Miss Oberly . [ DAVID SIGHS ] I wonder if you 'd do- - Do me a favour . Run some more tests on that cylinder . Well , I can 't do that . That 's impossible . Look , I know how Farley made me sound- - Listen , why don 't you just forget the whole thing . Without Mr. Richards help it 's impossible . You can 't get anywhere . It 's like banging your head against a stone wall . If you 'd just let me explain . Look , what I 'm trying to say is I don 't want to get involved . I- - I 'm sorry . [ ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN ] - Don 't move . - What is it ? - You don 't know ? - No , I don 't . Well , I know who you are and what you are . I don 't know where you get your information- - Better run . I may burn for it , but if I 'm right , I 'm gonna enjoy watching you burn . - You think I 'm one of them ? - You tell me who you are . Now , tell me they didn 't send you . Tell me you 're not an alien . Now , get your hands up . Up . All right . Now , bend ' em . Bend ' em ! Well , they did an extra special job on you , didn 't they ? What makes you think I 'm an alien ? You came to the hospital to see that Leo Rinaldi didn 't talk . Then you were at the grave to make sure he was dead and now you 're here to get that cylinder for your buddies . Just talk to Lieutenant Farley . They never got near that cylinder . Oh , because you knew it was a fake . Yeah , and you tipped them off . How do you know so much about them ? [ ELEVATOR DOORS CLOSING ] [ HISSING ] [ HARRY GRUNTING ] All right , now I told you I 'm not an alien . You tell me how you know about them . [ PANTING ] How do I know ? [ SOFTLY ] I 'll show you how I know . Look at that . It 's a picture of my family . Was my family . We went camping a year ago . And my little girl there , Judy , she went out to get some firewood . She came running back into camp . She said , " Daddy , spaceships . " And they all- - We laughed at her . Naturally , we laughed at her . My wife- - My wife went with her to prove to her that she was wrong . Well , she wasn 't wrong . I heard them screaming . And I ran . I got there just in time to see- - See them die . My wife . [ SOBBING ] My little , little girl . Do I know ? Yeah , I know ! I 'm sorry . Sorry ? That 's ... the one word that ... they ... never use . Did I ... make a mistake about you ? I told you I 'm not an alien . We 're after the same thing . Well , then ... Then you know ... what it means , don 't you ? I 've been laughed at and ridiculed . Mr. Vincent , I need- - I need somebody who knows like I do . They 're all around us . I don 't know . You need somebody to help . Would you ? Why not ? Look , we- - We- - We can 't talk here . I know . This is a lousy place to talk . I 'm , uh , staying at the Crescent . Why don 't you come up there ? I get off duty at 6 : 30 . Would 7 : 00 be all right ? - Good . - Ah . Take this . Thank you . Thank you . Seven o 'clock . [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] - Who is it ? - It 's Diane Oberly . - Can I come in ? - Yeah , sure . Sit down . What 's wrong ? I almost didn 't get up here . I 've been sitting down in the lobby for ten minutes trying- - I 'm frightened , Mr. Vincent . I 'm frightened and I need some help . After you left , I decided to run some more tests on that cylinder . What 'd you find out ? The metals resemble nothing on this earth . Now , I 'm enough of a scientist not to just dismiss people as psychos , especially when there 's some kind of evidence to prove that what they 're saying may be true . It 's not just the cylinder . I- - I have the feeling I 'm being watched all the time . It 's driving me crazy . Every time I try and work on that cylinder , or I 'm in the laboratory anywhere near the cylinder , I- - [ SIGHS ] I don 't know , maybe I 'm just imagining things , but I 'm so scared that I can 't even work on it . I- - That 's why I said no to you when you asked me to help you . Now , you said you 're being watched . By whom ? I don 't know . It- - It 's just a-a feeling that I have . Maybe it 's your men from outer space . Mr. Vincent . If it is true and if I 'm not just , heh , going crazy or imagining things , then what do they want of me ? I mean , what can they possibly want of any of us ? If you could just give me one piece of evidence , concrete evidence that I 'm not just imagining things and that these people really exist . I wish I could . If I could , I 'd be in Washington right now . [ PHONE RINGS ] Excuse me . Hello ? - Hello ? - David , it 's Harry Swain . Harry , what 's wrong ? Oh- - David , they 're onto me . Maybe both of us . They just cornered me in an alley and they came at me with- - With- - With- - With discs . Now , I fought them off and ran , got away . - Are you all right ? - Yes , I 'm fine , but I can 't come there . I 'm afraid to leave this place . - Where are you ? - It 's a- - It 's a little bar . Uh , 224 Horatio . I 'll be in one of the booths . I 'm on my way . Look , Diane , I know this is a bad time to do this , but I- - - You have to go . - Yes . I 'll call you later , all right ? Is , uh- - ? Is Harry Swain a friend of yours ? Why ? Uh- - He has some kind of extraordinary interest in this cylinder . All I know is that he came to work for us about three months ago and he never- - He never even talked to me . And then all of a sudden , he 's trying to become my best friend , but he never asks anything about me . All he ever talks about is the cylinder . Where it 's kept , how it 's guarded , things like that . He claims it 's because he wants to find some information that will lead him to the murderers of Leo Rinaldi , but , uh , that 's a lie . I just- - I know he 's lying to me . You don 't have to worry about him . I understand Harry Swain . Thanks for your concern . Now , uh , where can I call you later ? Well ... I 'll go back to the lab . I 'II- - I 'll run some more tests on it . Okay . [ INDISTINCT CHATTER ] [ MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING OVER JUKEBOX ] - Harry ? You all right ? - Yes . Yes . - They really did a job on you . - Yeah , well . They did something else , they told me something that whatever they 're planning , it 's going to be soon . - Maybe even tonight . Yep . - Tonight ? Why is that cylinder so important to them ? I don 't know . But whatever it is , whatever is inside that cylinder is important enough to them to- - To kill for it . What are we going to do ? We can 't just sit here . Well , if they are planning something for tonight , there 's only one thing we can do . That 's move first . - What do you mean ? - Let 's get the cylinder before they do . - You mean steal it ? - Why not ? David , we could do that . Look , there 's a man in New Orleans . His name is Colonel Griffith . He 's in Military Intelligence and if we can get that cylinder to him , he 'd make it the number one project at the Pentagon . But how ? Can you get us through that gate ? Yeah , sure but the vault , David , is locked until morning . There 's no problem , then . The Oberly girl is up in the laboratory working on the cylinder right now . So the vault must be open . That 's great . Then we got no problems . Wait , wait , wait , wait . We do have a problem . That girl- - I want her out of there . I don 't want her harmed . If you get her out of there , we haven 't got a chance . Look , they 've already killed two men , they 've tried to kill you . What do you think they 'll do to her if they plan something for tonight ? They 're getting ready to destroy the human race and you 're worried about one girl ? Look , we can 't let ourselves become as bad as they are . How many wives have you lost ? How many daughters , mister ? You fight them as long as I have and you 'll become just like me . Now , you make up your mind . It 's the human race or one girl . Make up your mind . If it 's too tough for you , forget it . - I 'll do it myself . - Just a minute , hold on . You 're right . We 'll do it your way . Okay . Okay . Let 's go . Yes , I 'm working on it right now . Oh , I should have something for you by then . Yes , it should be finished by the time you get here . The gate is locked at night , but I got a key . There 's guards in both buildings . One of them stays at the desk while the other one goes on his rounds . - He comes back in about 15 minutes . - Right . Oh , here is Colonel Griffith 's address in New Orleans . If we get separated , you go there . I left the keys in the car . - Okay , got it . HARRY : Okay ? Okay , stay low . - Thank you , Walter . - All right . [ GATE CLOSES ] Hey . What happened to you ? Oh . Don 't ask . What a night I 've had . I tripped getting out of the car . I stumbled over that hedge and then I realized I left my wallet locked in the locker . - Open up , will you ? - Yeah . Here , take this . [ HIGH-PITCHED WHINING ] [ WHINING STOPS ] What are you doing here ? I came for the cylinder . What ? I said I came for the cylinder . [ SIGHS ] Did you plan on stealing it ? Yes , if necessary . David , that 's so foolish . I 've been running a laser beam on it trying to cut into it . In a day or so we may have the evidence that you want . I don 't have a day or two . I just called Mr. Richards and he 's on his way over now to look at it . I 'm sorry , I 'll have to disappoint Mr. Richards . [ CAR DOOR CLOSES ] The main gate , it 's open , Harry . Walt must have heard something out there or saw something , went out to check it and , uh , left the gate open . - Well , take care of it . - Yes , sir . I 'm going up to the lab to see Miss Oberly . Oh , she 's not up there . She is . She phoned and asked me to look at some tests . HARRY : Uh , no , sir . She said they just called from her home . There 's somebody sick there or something . She left a few minutes ago . Oh ? Well , I 'd better see what she was doing in the lab . Uh , she left her report for you , uh , in your office in the other building , Mr. Richards . All right . I 'll check them before I leave . OBERLY : David , you 're making a mistake . Please , listen to me . David . David , look . Just look at the results of these tests . - The metal defies every natural law . - So do the people I 'm fighting . - They want what I want . The cylinder . - You 're defeating your whole purpose . - Leave it with me . - Look , Diane , I know these people , they 'll be coming after this cylinder . They 'll blow this place up to get it . I don 't want you here when it happens . [ GUNSHOT ] HARRY : Sorry , it was an accident . - I was just trying to keep him away . - He could die . HARRY : I 'm sorry . It was a mistake . Please . I tried to keep him away , but he argued with me , started to fight and- - And the gun went off , that 's all . Call the doctor . No . - Call the doctor . HARRY : We 've got to get that cylinder and get out of here . No , you don 't . All right , now where 's the cylinder ? Where 's the cylinder ? [ OBERLY YELPS ] She 's all right . Come on . Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go . There 's a stairwell in the other building . Go . David ! David , don 't ! [ GUNSHOT ] DAVID : Colonel Griffith ? Come in , Mr. Vincent . Sit down , won 't you ? You must have had a difficult time . DAVID : You heard about Harry Swain ? Yes , I heard . The morning papers . Terrible thing . A tragic loss . On the other hand , it may have been best this way . You see , Mr. Vincent , if Richards dies , Harry Swain would have been held for murder and I doubt if anyone would have understood his motives . I was confused myself . I assure you he 's one of the best . In one of the papers , they mentioned the fact that they found no trace of the body . It reminded me of a plane crash that happened a few weeks ago . [ CHUCKLES ] You 're certainly not suspicious of Harry Swain ? Well , I was worried for a while . But not very much , I see . You did bring the cylinder . - There 's something I should tell you- - - You don 't have to tell us anything . It got pretty hot there for a while , but I fortunately was able to make my way to a window . GRIFFITH : You should be flattered , Mr. Vincent . When you showed up at the plant , we changed all our plans just to include you . HARRY : You made it easy for us , David . We were going to go for the cylinder anyway , but instead of risking an out and out raid , we decided to use you to avoid exposure . Besides , we rather enjoyed using you , of all people to help us . That cylinder contains instructions from our planet , David . Plans for the takeover . Thank you for helping us get it . It 's empty . This box is empty . [ HARRY SCREAMS ] Long-distance , please . [ PHONE RINGS ] Metallurgy . Miss Oberly . Yes , this is she . Put him on . - Hello , Diane ? - David ? Yes . How are you ? I 'm fine , thank you . How 's Richards ? - He 's going to be all right . - I read the report in the newspapers . I want to thank you for what you didn 't tell the police . You don 't have to thank me . I 'm just glad he didn 't die . I don 't know what I would have said if they had kept on questioning me . David , Harry Swain , was he- - ? Yes , he was one of them . David , will I see you again ? I hope so , Diane . So long . David- - NARRATOR : For David Vincent , every friend is a potential enemy . His enemies understand this . Someday , perhaps , his friends will too .
