 [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] Yes ? Well ? I checked the entire perimeter around the test area . - And ? - It seems clean , sir . But in my opinion , security is still inadequate and I- - [ INTERCOM BUZZES ] - Yes ? MAN : Pardon me , sir . There 's an urgent phone call for Major Graves . A Mr. Spence . I can have it transferred over here . He 'll take it there . Well , how about it , Ted ? Do I get more men or don 't I ? I 'll let you know . I said , major , I 'd let you know . Graves here . Where 's Vincent ? I thought he was supposed to be here . Relax . You told me yourself he wasn 't coming in until tomorrow afternoon . How can I relax ? Major , how many times do I have to tell you ? I don 't like it . Maybe I can 't prove it , but I 'm being watched . This whole place gives me the creeps . Now , I 've already closed your office here . By tomorrow you can be halfway across the world . Now , just take it easy . I 'll check with you later . Hey . Hey , the door is stuck . Hey ! Hey , out there ! The door . Help , please ! Help me , won 't you ? Come on , help me ! Help me with the door ! It 's stuck ! Help ! Help me ! Help me ! Get the door open ! [ POUNDING ON DOOR ] Help ! Get the door ! Open the door . The door . Please , help me ! Help me ! Help , help , help ! [ SPENCE SOBBING ] [ KICKS DOOR ] What 's going on ? No , please . Please , no , no ! Help ! Help me . Help ! Help ! [ SCREAMING ] NARRATOR : The Invaders . A Quinn Martin production . Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders , alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they have taken human form . Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest star in tonight 's story : William Windom . And special guest star : Andrew Duggan . Tonight 's episode : " Doomsday , Minus One . " NARRATOR : David Vincent had received an urgent call from a man he 'd never met to come to a motel he 'd never heard of , in a desert he 'd never seen . But he came because the message spoke of alien invaders . The man he 'd never met had disappeared . The motel he 'd never heard of seemed menacing . But the desert he 'd never seen promised him an answer . - You 're late . - I had some trouble . - Cigarette ? - No , thank you . I 'd rather see your credentials , If you don 't mind . Aren 't you being just a little bit suspicious , Vincent ? Spence disappeared , five minutes later you called me . On top of that , I was tailed here . - You were what ? - I was tailed , major . All the way from the motel . You look worried . Why don 't you level with me . If I did , we 'd both end up in a psycho ward . This is called Greylock Crater . It was made about three months ago . Made , investigated and called the result of a small meteor . Spence doesn 't go along with that . He believes this crater was caused by the crash of a space ship . He believes that because last week , according to him , he saw a space ship land not 50 yards from here . Do you believe him ? My job is security . I have to believe him . In the first place , he 's one of my closest friends and for a civilian , a very sane man . In the second place , that space ship was met by a man named Carl Wyeth , one of the top engineers on our post . A man directly connected with a major underground atomic test . A test so big that the Atomic Energy Commission has called us in on it . We 're gonna stage it with them . Now , do you begin to get the point ? Of course , you 've told all this to the commanding officer . I told you I didn 't wanna end my days in a psycho ward . I ran a check on Wyeth . Nothing . Now , if anything is wrong on this base , I will need proof . Hard , cold , irrefutable proof . Otherwise , I 'm not gonna move a single inch . Well , Vincent . Do you think you can help me ? You want me to get a job on the base , is that it ? That 's why I had Spence call you . You 're supposed to be an authority on these- - These people . Oh , there won 't be any trouble . Everything 's all been arranged . You just turn up at 1200 hours tomorrow . Do I use my own name ? Why not ? You already used it at the motel . It 's too late to change now . All right , 1200 hours . Oh , one other thing . If you get jammed up- - Yeah , I know . You never heard of me . What about Spence ? Is he also expendable ? I have men out looking for Spence . Eight to five , you 'll never find him . Say , buddy , whose car is that ? - Mr. Tomkins ' car . Why ? - Tomkins ? No reason . Thanks . Why were you so anxious to see me this morning ? Whatever happened to Charlie Spence ? Spence ? I 'm told he 's disappeared . General , don 't you think it 's a little childish of you to worry about the fate of one man when you 've agreed to the death of a million ? I told you why I did it . Tell me again . Tell me again , general . Don 't push me , Mr. Tomkins . It wouldn 't take much to make me- - Change your mind ? And if you did , general , what chance would you have to save your precious world ? Spence is dead , general . Do you understand ? He 's dead . Oh , by the way , general , there is a name I would like to mention to you . David Vincent . If he shows up at your post , I 'd appreciate your letting me know about it . I thought you understood that you were to be on your own . That 's why I asked you to meet me before I reported to the post . - You 'd better have a good reason . - You tell me . This morning , a man named Tomkins left the Desert Winds Motel - and drove to the desert . - I 'm not interested in any Tomkins . Well , you should be . He 's an alien . The same one who tried to follow me to the crater yesterday . Today , I followed him about five miles from here at an adobe ruin . He met an Army man . Can you identify him ? No , I couldn 't get too close . But he was a general . His car was marked with a star . He was well over 6 feet , about 180 pounds . You 're describing General Beaumont . Who 's he ? The commanding officer of this post . He was wounded in the Battle of the Bulge , again on the Yalu River in Korea , got every decoration in the book . I 've known him for 20 years . One of the finest men I 've ever known . An hour ago he met an alien . That is ridiculous . Can you assure me that the general was on the post at that time ? Of course not , but I can easily check it out . What if he wasn 't ? Then I would be convinced that General Beaumont 's business was both private and legitimate . What 's the matter , major ? You afraid of the truth ? Does it scare you ? The truth never scares me , Mr. Vincent . Just so it is the truth . Look , you asked me down here to check some things out . Exactly what shall I do ? A , forget about General Beaumont . I 'll handle him . B , go after your aliens . Go after Carl Wyeth . Well , Mr. Vincent , do I make myself clear ? As a civilian employee on this post , you are forbidden to enter any restricted area . Yes , sir . Where would I find the office of Carl Wyeth ? Unfortunately , his office is in a restricted area . Building C , room 109 . Your office is in Building A. Will there be anything else you wanna know ? - No , thank you . - Good luck . DAVID : Thank you . Oh , general , this is Mr. David Vincent , a new member of our engineering staff . - General . - Mr. Vincent . - Something wrong , general ? - Oh , no . No , nothing is wrong . Just for a second there , I thought I 'd met that man before . I 've checked over your request for additional security personnel , Rick . - And ? - I put it through channels . Through channels ? Do you know how long that will take ? By the time Washington gets- - You know if anybody else had submitted that request , I would have rejected it out of hand . [ LAUGHS ] If you don 't look out , Rick , this job will turn you into an old lady . I better be moving along . I 'm late for a meeting . Ted . I want you to postpone the test . You want me to do what ? Why ? For what reason ? Because I asked you to . Because you asked me to ? Here lately , major , you 've been asking me to do a lot of things that don 't make any sense . Now , if you have some concrete reason for turning the defence policies of this country upside down , I suggest you state it . I 'm listening , major . I have nothing concrete , sir . But something stinks on this post . And unless you postpone that test , it will be my job to find out why . I must be going out of my mind because I swear I sensed a threat in that . Now ... come on , Rick , we 've known each other too long . We don 't have to fence , to play games . - If we can 't trust each other- - - Can we , general ? Well , Ted ? I 'll tell you something . When my boy died in Korea , something happened to me . I- - I couldn 't think . I couldn 't feel . I was empty . I thought , for me , it was the end . And then , you- - You and Ethel and your kids came along ... and helped to fill that void for me . Try to trust me , Rick . Forget whatever it is you think you know ... Trust me . Is Mr. Wyeth in his office ? I 'll see . Mr. Wyeth in there ? Well , there 's someone to see him . Yes , sir . He 's in the machine shop . You go down to the end of the corridor , where it splits , take the one that goes to the right . There 's a sign . Okay , thank you . [ DOOR OPENING ] MP : You 're supposed to say , " I got lost . " I 'm looking for Carl Wyeth . This is his office , isn 't it ? I 'm Carl Wyeth and this is my office . I talked to the guard out front . He said it was all right . Mr. Vincent was told to go to the machine shop , instead of which , he came here . It 's funny you know my name , we 've never met . MP : All right , let 's get him out of here . All right . Take me to Major Graves . Let 's clear this thing up . WYETH : Wouldn 't it be better , sergeant , if he were turned over to General Beaumont ? I report to Major Graves , Mr. Wyeth . My work comes directly under the general 's supervision . - Well , I 'm sorry . - If necessary , sergeant , I 'll call the general myself . As you wish , Mr. Wyeth . Come on . DAVID : I just wanted to meet Mr. Wyeth . I realise I broke some rules , but- - There are no buts about military regulations , Mr. Vincent . I thought you made that clear , major . GRAVES : So did I , sir . Well , Mr. Vincent , you have knowingly breached security regulations . You 're a civilian , I have no power to court-martial you . However , I am placing you in confinement and turning your case over to the Department of Justice . Take him away . Justice Department . We 're here to pick up a David Vincent . Identification . Could you sign this , please ? Thank you . DAVID : What 's this all about ? - Department of Justice . If you please , Mr. Vincent . [ OUTER DOOR OPENING ] [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] You sent for me , sir ? Your leave orders . Effective 2400 hours tonight . I think it 's in the interest of all parties concerned . Are you ordering me to leave , Ted ? Well , very well , you were right to bawl me out about that Vincent mix-up . But there was something I should 've told you about him . Something I am going to tell you before you turn him over to the justice people . Two agents picked him up over an hour ago . They 're very efficient . Yes , very . What was it you wanted to tell me about him ? It 'll keep . Rick . Twenty-four hundred hours tonight . It 's taking a long time to get there . - Just where are you taking me ? - Please turn around . All right , Mr. Vincent , out . Another disappearance ? You 're not going to disappear , Mr. Vincent . You 're going to have an accident . All right , so you showed me a wrecked car . So what ? What I showed you was a fatal accident . Nobody in that car could have walked away . There were no bodies found in the wreckage . - What does that prove ? - They were aliens . When they die here on Earth , their bodies are consumed . They disintegrate . I 've seen it before . And one of them had an awkwardness about his hands , a mutated fourth finger . I 've seen that before too . You don 't expect me to believe all that , do you ? If you didn 't suspect something like this , why did you have Spence call me in the first place ? And where is Spence ? How did Wyeth know who I was before he 'd even seen me ? And why did the Justice Department send out agents so quickly to pick me up ? I don 't have any answers . Then try to find one . Call the Justice Department . See if they sent agents here . See if they ever even heard of me . Tomkins , I cannot leave the post in the middle of the night - any time you decide- - - General ... two of my people died a few hours ago . I 'm not interested . You should be . They were the ones sent out to pick up Vincent . They 're dead , general . We have a man running around who knows too much . That 's the reason I called you out in the middle of the night . What do you want me to do , send out a search party ? I want you to reschedule the nuclear test . Move it up . I want it within 24 hours . That 's impossible . Your people couldn 't detonate the nuclear device in that time ? They could do it by tomorrow noon if I ordered them to . - Then do so , general . - I can 't . A committee from the United States Senate has been invited to observe the test next week . They 'll have to be disappointed . Although , by next week , they 'll have other things to think about , won 't they ? The antimatter device is ready . The special truck bringing it from the saucer is now en route . Special truck ? Refrigerated . The elements are highly unstable . Once it arrives , all we have to do is deliver it to the test site and set the timing mechanism . I 'll have to think about it . You don 't have time to think about it . General , are you willing to risk the inevitable ? A nuclear war just to indulge a few senators ? Will you risk hundreds of millions of people being blasted to radioactive dust ? Believe me , general , this is the one chance your kind has to survive . Tomorrow at noon . [ DOOR CLOSES ] Beaumont checked onto the post half an hour ago , made one phone call to Washington and then went right out to the test site . - Where was he last night ? - I don 't know . But I do know that the nuclear test has been moved up to noon today . Well , my escape must have forced them to push up their timetable . Whatever they were planning for next week , they 're doing today . Now , look , Beaumont is the key to this whole thing . We don 't have much time . We 've got to face him with the truth . Let 's go . Come on . Forty minutes . Remember , don 't set the timer until you reach the detonation site . Right . GRAVES : General Beaumont , sir . What is it ? I believe you already know , general . In case you haven 't noticed , Rick , I 'm busy . - Now make your point and get out . - All right , sir , one question : - Why was the test time moved up ? - Technical reasons . There 's a man outside I want you to see , general . I asked him to wait so that I could talk to you first . All right , you 've talk to me . If I remember correctly , you 're no longer on duty . Ted . You 've got to see this man . And if you won 't , I 'll have to go over your head , call the Pentagon . It may be too late already , but at least it 's better than doing nothing . And who is it you 're about to risk your career on , major ? The man I smuggled back on to the post last night . David Vincent . How did you find him ? He found me . And how did you know he wasn 't still in jail , general ? I 'll get him . I saw you meet Tomkins in the desert . You know who he is and what he is . - And what is that , Mr. Vincent ? - An alien being- - From outer space ? The men who picked me up last night were aliens too . Major Graves checked it out . The Justice Department never received a request to send agents . As a matter of fact , they never even talked to you . Where are these aliens ? They died in the auto wreck . Naturally , their bodies will be available for examination ? No , they won 't . You know why . You know what a busy morning this is for me , major . I 'm sorry that you chose to expose me to the imaginings of , obviously , a diseased mind . Did I imagine Spence 's disappearance ? Is he dead ? Or don 't they tell you everything ? Have you finished ? General , if you continue this collaboration , you 'll be serving the cause of beings dedicated to one thing : The destruction of mankind , the takeover of this planet . Now , I can 't believe you 'd knowingly do something like this . Not a man with your record , not a man- - Record ? What do you know of my record ? - I know enough . - You know nothing . All you know are a few empty , stupid words from a hundred speeches made at a hundred different parades . General Beaumont , hero of two wars . Give him another medal . I 'll tell you what my record adds up to . One hundred thousand men dead because of my orders . My own son dead because he believed me when I said his would be the last war . Death , destruction and suffering , and all for what ? So that one day we could all kill ourselves in one monumental nuclear holocaust ? Whose words are those , your alien friends ? - I 'll call the Pentagon . - You 'd be wasting your time , major . Outside of this room , there isn 't a man on Earth who would believe either one of you . Time is running out . As it did for Spence , general ? Spence had to die , Rick . He had to . He was endangering what we were doing , the plan . Whose plan ? Yours or theirs ? Whose plan ? We made it up between ourselves . A world gone totally radioactive , stripped of all life , is of no greater value to them than it is to us . Mr. Tomkins assured me that at great sacrifice to his people , they were able to land an antimatter bomb on the Earth . Six of their crafts were destroyed as well as all the crew , blown to oblivion , just to get that one bomb on the Earth . Ted , what the devil are you talking about ? I 'm talking about antimatter . Matter that is the mirror image of ours and when brought together with our matter , it fuses and detonates . Now , if this explosion happens on the surface of the Earth , it 's only a tremendous blast , nothing more . But if it is detonated underground , it would blow the Earth off its axis by several degrees . Do you realise what you 're talking about ? An effect like this could cause earthquakes , tidal waves . Millions could die . Think of how many millions more would be spared the horror of atomic war because the world will never know about the antimatter bomb . They 'll think the tragedy was caused by a nuclear explosion . Atomic weapons will be banned . Finally , there will be peace . But millions die . Doomsday comes today at noon , then what do the invaders do ? I don 't care about that because the minute the explosion happens , I 'll be on the phone to the secretary of defence and within 24 hours , they 'll be exposed to the world . Do you think they 'll let you get away with that ? You 'll be dead before you can make a phone call . They 'll kill you . I 'm not that much of a fool , Vincent . If anything happens to me , Lt. General McIntyre at the Pentagon has orders to go into my safe , take the contents directly to the president . There 's enough evidence in my safe about the presence of the invaders on Earth to convince even the general staff . I would call the Pentagon if I were you and have my safe opened . Why ? I doubt very much if your evidence is still in there . That 's ridiculous . I 'd trust McIntyre . I 've known him all my life . Ted , in the name of God , call him . Get me the Pentagon . Anything wrong , sir ? Just a last minute adjustment . Call the general if you want to . McIntyre died this morning of a heart attack . What about the evidence ? Listen to me . I want you to go to my office and open my safe . The combination is right 17 , two turns left to 42 , one turn right to 30 . Check the contents . I want an immediate report . I 'll hold on . Thank you . There 's nothing in my safe but my birth certificate and my 201 file . Get me the gate . Major Graves . You are to hold any vehicle attempting to get into the test area . That includes military vehicles until I- - What ? General , an Army truck went through there five minutes ago . Where are they placing their bomb ? General . They didn 't tell me . Major , I found a sketch of the detonation area in Wyeth 's office . It was all marked and prepared . - You have a map of the area ? - Sure , right over here . Well , that circle 's almost a mile from the test hole . How far from here ? Oh , three miles . General , will you- - ? Major Graves , speaking for General Beaumont . I want a squad of men sent into the test area immediately . Combat ready . General Beaumont will meet them there . Right . I told them you 'd meet them there , general . But before you go , I think you 'd better cancel this detonation . General , move ! We have no time . [ OVER P.A. ] Your attention , please . This is General Beaumont . This detonation will be cancelled until further notice . I 'll say again , this detonation will be cancelled until further notice . Give me that weapon , soldier . Follow the general 's car . [ GUNFIRE ] GRAVES : General , I think we could take a chance on , maybe- - What are you doing ? Wait a minute . Hey ! [ GUNFIRE ] [ GUNFIRE ] Let me take the wheel , you 're losing blood . I 'm all right . I 've gotta- - I 'm going to deliver their bomb right back to them . What time is it ? It 's almost noon . We 're almost there . You better bail out . Oh , no . I don 't know ... what I 've been ... for the last few years or who . But right now , I 'm General Theodore Beaumont , United States Army ... and I expect to be obeyed . - You all right ? - Yeah . Go on . [ BEEP ] [ EXPLOSION ] DAVID : Struck out , huh ? Well , at least it was a good long at bat . They listened to me for over three hours . Must be some sort of world 's record for one man in front of a military board of enquiry . How could they write it off after the explosion , the firefight , Beaumont 's disappearance ? They didn 't write it off . They just clamped the security lid down tight . The enquiry may go on for months , even years . You know what the verdict is ? Attempted sabotage by enemies unknown . Well , that 's something anyway . Well , major , we haven 't lost . I hope not , Vincent . I pray we haven 't . NARRATOR : The Earth turns on its axis , unaware of the disaster that never happened and David Vincent goes forward again , very much aware that a far greater disaster can lie ahead . The final disaster , wrought by the invader .
