 NARRATOR : The Florida Keys . Two astronauts on pass , marlin fishing , eight days before the launching of the United States ' first moonshot . - Nothing ? - What does it sound like ? [ WOOD CREAKING ] [ STATIC CRACKLING ] Marlin Club , Marlin Club , it 's Major Banks . Over . Marlin Club , come in , Marlin Club . [ HELICOPTER APPROACHING ] That 's all we need , fog . What about it , Marlin Club ? MAN [ OVER RADIO ] : I 'm trying my best to reach a mechanic . Well , how long ? We don 't wanna get stuck out here with this fog rolling in . Fog , sir ? Well , there 's been no fog reported on the gulf . BANKS : Don 't give me that chamber-of-commerce bit . - With this fog rolling in , it looks- - - Cliff- - - What happened ? - I don 't know . I don 't know . Cliff , I- - Club , listen , something 's happened . It 's not fog . Red ... I can 't breathe . Major Banks . Major Banks . Come in , Major Banks . Major Banks . Come in , Major Banks . [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] ANNOUNCER : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders : alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : Peter Graves , Joanne Linville , John Ericson , Kent Smith . [ ANNOUNCER READS ON-SCREEN TEXT ] NARRATOR : The nation had been stunned . The first screaming newspaper story spoke of a fishing accident and a strange inexplicable red fog . Two men slated to walk on the face of the moon had unaccountably perished . For David Vincent there was an answer terrifying in its implications . And so he came to the Florida Keys to find the radio operator who had heard the vacationing astronauts ' final words . [ REPORTERS CHATTERING ] About this backup crew , is it still LaCava , Daniels and Smith ? Yes , why don 't we- - ? What about that red fog ? When can we talk to the radio operator ? Fellas , the press conference is inside , not here . If it 's like the one we had last night , it 'll be just more conversation . Security 's been tracking down the story all day and they 'll give you the dope . Now , how about it , huh ? CORRELL : All right , gentlemen , one at a time . Take it easy , fellas . One at a time . Let 's see your pass . - Your press card , sir ? - I 'm with the TV crew . Then you should have a pass . Well , I 'm sorry . I left it at the studio . They put this press conference together so fast . You 'll have to show me some identification , sir . Look , they 're getting started in there . Sorry , sir , orders . All right . How about a driver 's licence ? All right . David Vincent . Come on , what is this ? I have to get in there . You 'll get in , sir , as soon as I 've checked your name with the security officer . Wait here , please . Have you told anybody else about this ? Did you tell anyone else what you saw ? No . No , sir . I come here right after it happened . Nobody believed me then , and I guess nobody believes me now . Mr. Coogan , please sit down . Well , I don 't see the point if nobody believes what I 'm saying . LEWIS : Sit down . Look , I saw fog out there . Red fog . It 's coming down from this helicopter and- - And I haven 't had a drink in six days . This helicopter , did it have any particular markings , colour , anything ? Looked like any other helicopter . Sir . - He did come . - Mm-hm . Send Mr. Vincent in . Oh , and , Correll , you take Mr. Coogan home . - He 'll be in your charge . - All right . Mr. Coogan . [ PHONE RINGS ] Riley . Just a moment , I 'll see . It 's Commander Smith 's wife , sir . Again ? I can 't talk to her now . I think you 'd better , sir , she sounds very upset . Hello , Angela . I can 't talk now . I 'II- - I 'll call you back . Oh , but , Gavin , I 've been trying to reach you all afternoon . Yes , I know , but I 've been tied up with this investigation , I- - But , Gavin , you 've got to talk to me . It 's- - It 's about Hardy . Angela , let me get back to you . I 'm not in Houston . When they told Hardy that he was going up , I knew I had to get to you and I came in this morning . You 've got to help me , Gavin . Look , Angela , I 'll see you as soon as I finish down here . Now , leave your- - Leave your number with my office and I 'll call you . It 's Hardy , he 's- - He 's- - Angela , please . All right . All right , but I 'll wait for your call . [ KNOCKING ] That will be all , thanks . I 'm Gavin Lewis , security . I know who you are . I should tell you why I 'm here . I wanted to talk to the radio operator . What do you want with him , Mr. Vincent ? Information . Complete information as to what he heard on that ship-to-shore radio . Well , you can get that out of the newspapers tonight , can 't you ? I said complete information . [ BRIEFCASE CLICKS ] I had a check run on you , Mr. Vincent . I know who you are and what this obsession of yours is . Men from another planet , aliens . That happens to be your particular hang-up , what 's it have to do with us ? I know how those astronauts died and what that red fog is . I wanna know why they died . Well , they weren 't killed by men from Mars , I can promise you that . Happens that it was a form of carbon monoxide . Oh , yes , red carbon monoxide . Carbon monoxide you can see . Well , what is it with people like you ? One weird story and every screwball in the country thinks he can get in on the act . Even that old man down on the beach says that he saw a red fog . Gavin , I can 't stall them anymore . They want your statement . - Now , come on , will you ? - All right . I 'll be right there . Where is this man ? I 'd like to talk to him . No , no . Until I have a chance to check on his story , nobody gets near Mr. Coogan 's place . Nobody talks to him . You wait here till I 'm done . You 're holding me ? Well , you 're a smart man , Mr. Vincent . You know I have no authority to do that . You 're also smart enough to be here when I get back . [ DOOR CLOSES ] CORRELL : That 's right . And it 's very simple , Mr. Coogan . If you really didn 't see anything , what 's there to tell Gavin Lewis ? Nothing . I saw nothing . I made it all up . That 's right , Mr. Coogan . You made it all up just to get your name in the papers . [ CAR APPROACHING ] You saw nothing . Mr. Coogan . [ FOGHORN BLARES IN DISTANCE ] Mr. Coogan ? What are you doing here ? Gavin Lewis gave me permission to talk to Mr. Coogan . You have that in writing ? He said it wouldn 't be necessary . Mr. Coogan , I 'd like to talk to you about what you saw yesterday . Nothing . I saw nothing . I made it all up . Mr. Coogan , look at me . I made it up . Mr. Vincent that 's enough . Maybe Lewis gave you permission , maybe he didn 't , but that 's all , buster . You 'll have to go . Who 's been here ? Who talked to him ? Nobody was here . Nobody talked to him . What do you have in that pocket , officer ? You have five seconds , mister . You all right , sir ? - Correll ? - What happened ? - I 'm all right . I 'm all right . LEWIS : Correll . [ ENGINE STARTS ] Riley , get on the radio . I want him found . - Yes , sir . - All right , what 's going on here ? You knew I 'd come , didn 't you ? You set it up . I asked you a question , Vincent . I expect an answer . So do I. Was Correll part of the setup or was killing me his idea ? - Doing what ? - He tried to kill me . He 's one of them . He 's an alien . You want proof ? Look at him . Just talk to him . Correll wiped everything out of his mind . Mr. Coogan , tell him what you saw . You saw the red fog , didn 't you ? Nothing . I made it all up to get my name in the papers . - Mr. Coogan , you told- - COOGAN : Nothing . I saw nothing . Mr. Coogan . I saw nothing . You 'll never find Correll . He 's done his job . Well , I haven 't done mine . All right , Vincent , we 'd better talk . Come on , let 's get back to town . Sorry , sir , we 're closed for the night . I 've got this briefcase for Mr. Lewis . I 'll just put it in his car , okay ? Help yourself . Well , that 's a big help . The medical report shows there 's nothing wrong with Charlie Coogan . Did you really think it would ? Oh , sure , sure , he was brainwashed . Lewis , either you believe me or you don 't . Well , maybe I don 't wanna believe you . Maybe I ... Maybe what ? You know , I think it 's about time you levelled with me . You gave me enough information to keep me curious . You practically sent me to Charlie Coogan 's place . Why ? You know what I did before I was a security officer ? You were an astronaut , one of the first . That 's right . I was training for the moonshot , the same one that 's going up this week . A couple of months ago , I was driving home from the space centre- - Top physical shape , nothing wrong with me . - -I was listening to the car radio , and all of a sudden the radio went dead . After that I don 't remember anything . Don 't remember getting home , going to bed . Nothing until my call service woke me up in the morning . Well , I didn 't feel well , and when they checked me out they found that my blood pressure had gone crazy . Consequently , they washed me out of the space programme . But I knew , I knew that there was nothing wrong with my blood pressure . When I tried to tell them , when I tried to make them see , they treated me like I was some Section Eight case . I lost a night out of my life , David . I wanna find out where that night went and why . Maybe you have the answer . Nope . And we 're not gonna find it here . Whatever it is , it must be at the launch site . It 's a long ride . We better get going . MAN : You 're lucky . Another five minutes , I would have taken off for the night . David , it doesn 't make any sense . If an astronaut is shoved aside like I was , or if he 's killed , the moonshot still goes up . They could kill 10 men and the programme still goes on . Maybe they 're not trying to stop the programme . Could be something else . Like what ? What are you gonna look for when we get to the space centre ? One of these aliens ? And what 's he gonna do ? Come up and introduce himself ? You told me yourself that they look the same as we do . There are ways of recognizing them . First of all , they have to regenerate themselves . And they have an awkwardness about the hands . There 's a mutated fourth finger . And the fact that they have no heartbeat . The fact that- - What was that ? David , what in the name of heaven ? - Morning , Riley . - You better hurry , sir . LaCava and the others are leaving in an hour . All right . Vincent 's staying at my apartment . Make sure he gets a security pass and I want him at the airfield . - Vincent ? - Yes , right . And get a hold of McNally 's office . Ask him to send over any material they have on the backup crew , film , everything . Oh , excuse me , sir . I took the liberty . It 's Commander Smith 's wife . She 's waiting in the office . Oh . Thanks . If anybody asks where Vincent 's staying , you don 't know . Yes , sir . Hi , Angela . I 'm sorry I didn 't call you last night . I couldn 't . Oh , that 's all right . - Are you all right ? - Mm-hm . Uh ... Gavin Hardy will be going up , there 's no question ? None . Well , I don 't think he ought to go . I don 't know why , but I ... I think there 's something wrong with him . With him or with you ? No , no . Now that it 's definite , that they 've set the day , are you sure it 's not just your nerves ? You know me better than that . This has been going on for weeks . For months . Last night I called him deliberately and I told him that we 'd be seeing each other , that we were going to spend the evening together . And he wasn 't even jealous . Well , maybe we 've all grown up , haven 't we ? No . How can I make you understand ? What does it mean that he has complete lapses of memory ? He can 't remember the simplest things . The places that we 've gone , or the friends that we knew , or even how I like my martinis . Angela , Hardy went through a great deal in Vietnam , but if there were anything wrong with him physically or emotionally , the doctors would have found it out months ago . Now , stop worrying , will you ? [ KNOCKING ] [ MOUTHS ] The others are ready to leave for the airport now , sir . Be right there . I 'm sorry , Angela . I 've got to leave . It 's all right . I 'll leave . McNally called me this morning anyway . He wants me to be at the airport when Hardy lands . They want photographs , you know , of the brave astronaut 's wife . Can you come to the house tonight to see Hardy ? Please , Gavin . I 'll try . Thank you . Goodbye . McNALLY : You can have all the pictures you want , but no interviews . The boys have just a few hours before their first briefing , they 're not gonna wanna spend them answering questions . - Did you have any trouble ? - No . - Anybody follow you ? - Mm-mm . Good hunting . LaCAVA : Hi , honey . McNALLY : Come on now , give them some room . - You 'll get your picture . MAN 1 : Let 's have one with the colonel . MAN 1 : Colonel LaCava- - McNALLY : Remember , no questions . MAN 1 : Mrs. Smith , would you look this way , please ? MAN 2 : Try that again . All right , fellas , I think we got enough for now . Let 's let them get some rest . They 've got a heavy schedule with the medics . If you 'll just step out front ... - No more questions . MAN 1 : Can you give us something ? Mrs. Smith , look this way , please ? [ ALL CHATTERING ] MAN 1 : Colonel LaCava , this way . Colonel LaCava . LEWIS : Hardy . Hi , Angela . Well , I don 't think I 've ever envied anybody so much in my life . The way you pushed for me , the things you taught me . I wouldn 't be doing this if it weren 't for you . I like to pick my own replacements . Look , you get your rest . I 'II- - I 'll try to look in on you later . - Anytime . - Goodbye , Gavin . Goodbye , Angela . [ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] Who 's that man ? That 's Owens , one of the medics . - Why ? - Check him . He 's been with the programme ever since it started . Gavin , check him . [ DOORBELL RINGS ] [ CUP CLATTERS ] No , lie down , darling , I 'll get it . Hey , I 'm the one who 's supposed to get the jitters . [ DOORBELL RINGS ] Well , I guess they 're here . Go on , let them in . - I 'll be right out . - Hardy . Oh , come on , honey , it 'll all be over in a couple of days . Now , come on , let them in . [ DOORBELL RINGS ] The shepherd rounding up his flock . - Oh , hi , Tony . - Hi . - Well , is Hardy ready for his physical ? - Oh , he 'll be out in a second . Ah , ah . Bags , droopy eyes . You 're beginning to look like a wife . Don 't . I 'll see if he 's ready . I mean it , Angela . Why don 't you and Peggy go to a movie tonight ? Don 't just sit around thinking about it . - Yeah , maybe I will . - No maybes . Do it . - Hardy , Tony 's here . HARDY : Be out in a minute . [ BUZZING ] [ KNOCKING ] ANGELA : Hardy . Hardy ? I 'll be right out . LaCAVA : Come on , friend . This is a rush deal , remember ? Those medics won 't wait all night . That 's just what I 'm doing . I 'm getting ready for the medics . LEWIS : Be ready in a minute . Anything on Owens ? Owens is a medical technician . Born in Detroit and we can account for almost every day since then . I checked his file myself . Yeah , well , they could have phonied that . We gotta find something . We 're running out of time . Well , then why waste it looking at this film ? David , if you think that one of the astronauts is an alien , or all three of them , forget it . They 've been checked and rechecked . We know who they are , where they were born , when they blow their noses and scratch their backs . The aliens want this moonshot to go up , and they want this special crew to be on it . Why ? Why would they go through so much trouble just to stop two men from walking on the moon ? Shut the blinds , will you ? Now , you 're holding back something . I 'm shooting in the dark unless you tell me the objective of this moonshot . You can read it in the newspapers . They have four columns on it every day . If this was simply a walk on the moon , your people would have postponed the flight and given the backup crew more time . Now , why do they have to get off tomorrow ? David , I 've told you everything that 's unclassified . I 'm security officer , remember that ? Now , do you wanna see this film or not ? I had them slice off the front part about the rocket itself and just send me the material on the men . MAN [ ON FILM ] : The moonshot thus becomes the most significant step forward thus far in America 's manned space programme . Three astronauts have undergone intensive training in preparation for this key project , but only two will actually land on the surface of the moon . The man chosen to remain in the capsule is Marine Lieutenant Colonel Martin Daniels , born in New Haven , Connecticut , April 16th , 1931 . Daniels is the youngest man to have flown 59 combat missions in the Korean War . The second member of the crew , Lieutenant Colonel Tony LaCava . One of the two men who will walk on the face of the moon . The only surviving member of the original moonshot crew , LaCava was born in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , March 27th , 1929 . Now captain of the team , he can be considered the grand old man of the crew . Grand old man . The most recent member of the crew , Navy Commander Hardy Smith , born in New York City , January 1st , 1935 . Commander Smith volunteered for special duty in Vietnam , where he earned the Presidential Medal of Valor and the Purple Heart . While still in Vietnam , he was elected for the astronaut programme . Shown here with his wife immediately after his return to the United States , Commander Smith underwent medical treatment before reporting to the space agency . Stop the film . Stop it right now . - What 's the matter ? - His face . That first picture we saw wasn 't Hardy Smith . Oh , relax . I 'm telling you , it wasn 't Hardy Smith . No . The first picture that you saw was taken of Hardy pre-Vietnam . Now , he came through that whole bloody mess without a scratch , but getting ready to come home his hotel in Saigon caught a terrorist bomb . The way you see him now well , the plastic surgeons did a pretty good job . Now , do you wanna look at the rest of this ? No . - We 've got something . - Hm ? - I 'm lost . - There is an alien on the crew . - You 've got to be kidding . - Hardy Smith . I know Hardy Smith . I trained with him . I 'm a close friend of his family . Oh , no . You 've really gone off the deep end . All right , who was the first man assigned to the moonshot programme ? - Tony LaCava . He still is . - Scratch him . If they wanted to get rid of him , they would have done it right away . Now , who ranked next ? Come on , who came after LaCava ? I came next . You had that strange experience you told me about , when you started having trouble with your blood pressure . - That 's right . - And then Banks and Howell , right ? - Right . - They 're both dead . Now , the crew is LaCava , Daniels and Smith . That can 't be Hardy Smith . They didn 't change his face with plastic surgery . They got rid of him and substituted a man you call Hardy Smith , an alien . I know Hardy Smith . Lord , maybe that 's what she meant . Maybe that 's why she thinks he 's changed . Why she doesn 't understand him . It 's not the same man , is it ? But there isn 't any purpose . Why send an alien up ? They 're probably afraid of something that those photos showed on the moon . If that 's security , don 't tell me about it , but go to the man who 's in charge . Have Smith investigated . Stop him . Why , this is all wild guesswork . We- - We don 't have any evidence . There 's gotta be something in his file . Maybe his medical records . Now , we have 12 hours before liftoff . You 've gotta find something . Lord help us if we 're wrong . [ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] You and I have worked together a long time . That 's the only reason I 've listened to you . I 'm sorry you won 't accept that the boat engine was defective and that deputy was just a poor slob who went AWOL . No matter what you think , investigate . If I 'm right , I want you to find out that I 'm right . I 'd rather find out what 's driving you . What made you come up with a story like this . Because you 're in charge of this and you can stop him . There 's still time . Now , get his records , do something . Before we go any further , I want to ask you about you and Angela Smith . Oh , now , wait a minute . And I want an answer . This friendship of yours ... That 's all it ever was , friendship . Hardy Smith didn 't think so . It 's no secret . It 's here in the files . Before he went to Vietnam , he was getting pretty touchy about it . Stan , there was never anything and you know it . Hardy Smith didn 't . He 's calmed down now and I thought it was all over , but is it , Gavin ? Is that why you 're coming to me with this wild story ? Why you 're even trying to get him knocked out of the moonshot ? Don 't you understand ? That is not Hardy Smith . MAN : Control . - Would you send in a medical technician with Commander Smith 's records , please ? Yes , sir . Those structures we 've seen on the moon , the ones in the reconnaissance photos , LaCava and Smith are the only ones who will be able to say whether they 're natural objects , or man-made or alien-made or whether they represent a threat to us . Martin Daniels can 't because he 'll be in the capsule . Now , if anything happens to LaCava , we 'll have to accept Hardy 's word . Will we ? No matter what report we get back this time , we 'll be sending other crews up . But by then they may have accomplished their purpose . Your aliens ? Stan , I know that makes me sound insane , I know it , but- - [ INTERCOM BUZZES ] - Yes ? - Medical technician 's here , sir . Hold him a minute . Gavin , you say these aliens aren 't like us . They 're made in some way so they have no heartbeat . That 's right . STAN : Send him in . [ KNOCKING ] OWENS : Yes , sir ? Did Commander Smith have another physical checkup last night ? Yes , sir . He 's had several checks since he began preparations for the moonshot . No problems ? No abnormalities ? - No , sir . - Respiration ? Heart ? He 's in perfect physical condition , sir . He 's lying . He 's one of them . - He 's what ? - He 's an alien . Look at his hand . - That will be all . - Stop him . - That will be all . - He 's an alien . You can 't let him go . All right , Gavin . Ever since you raised that commotion after your illness , I 've been debating whether to take you off the programme entirely . I 'm afraid I 'll have to call Washington and drop the problem in their laps . I 'm sorry , Gavin , but I 'd be less than honest if I let you think you 'll be with the programme much longer . - Stan . - That 's all . MAN [ ON FILM ] : Commander Smith volunteered for special duty in Vietnam , where he earned the Presidential Medal of Valor and the Purple Heart . While still in Vietnam , he was elected for the astronaut programme . Shown here with his wife immediately after his return to the United States- - We 're licked , David . I did everything I could . I even saw Owens in there . He had the kind of hands you told me about . But Stan Arthur wouldn 't buy any of it . I 'm sorry . In one hour , that crew reports to the takeoff area . And at dawn , the shot goes up . We still have some time . LEWIS : Where are you going ? To see the one person who can prove Smith 's an alien , his wife . [ KNOCKING ] - Mrs. Smith . - Yes . I 'm David Vincent , a friend of Gavin Lewis . Well , what do you want ? I wanna talk to you about your husband . - May I come in ? - No , I 'm sorry , but I- - You going away ? Yes . I 'm going back to Houston . What business is it of yours ? On the morning your husband 's being shot to the moon , you 're not even going to watch the liftoff ? No . I don 't want to watch it . You 're running away . Why ? ANGELA : Leave me alone . You know , don 't you ? You know that 's not your husband . It 's not Hardy Smith . Liftoff is less than three hours away . You 're the only one who can stop it . You must help us . [ SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ] This is what it 's all about , isn 't it ? Hey , Hardy . - Care to join us ? - In a minute . You two go ahead . Gavin , more than anybody in the world , you 're the one I owe all this to . - I know . - How about riding up with me ? No , thanks . My job is down here . Listen , old buddy , if something should happen , you take care of Angela . STAN : I don 't know what else to say to you . We have a two-and-a-half-hour launch window . I hope there aren 't snags , any tie-ups , but if there are- - There may be on tie-up , Stan . I think I 'm getting cold feet . That 's why we built in the abort switch . We thought you would . Well , my job 's finished once you lift off and Houston takes over . And , well , like I said , I don 't know what else to say to you . Tony . Martin . Hardy . I don 't believe it . It 's because of the shock . - It 's because of what happened- - - You know I 'm not wrong . Would Hardy Smith do the things you say he 's done ? Behaved to you the way you say he has behaved ? Why didn 't you report it ? Report what ? Report what ? That he couldn 't remember the people that we 'd met ? That he always changed the subject when we talked about the past ? Or that he 'd- - ? He changed his taste in a hundred different ways ? His taste has not changed . He hasn 't changed . He 's one of them . Them ? No , I won 't believe it . No , go away . It 's not just the mission . Somebody 's gonna be killed there . Do you understand ? You can stop it . You 're the only one who can stop it . But what you 're asking me to believe ... Gavin Lewis believes it . He knows . Don 't just take my word for it . Prove it for yourself . You can still get through to Hardy . There must be something you can ask him . Some test you can put him through . Call him . Please call him . [ PHONE CLATTERS ] [ PHONE DIALLING ] I hope somebody remembered a pack of cards . I 'm gonna run out of conversation before we get halfway there . That will be more of a miracle than the flight . Commander Smith . If it 's the governor with a reprieve , ask him not to forget me . HARDY : Commander Smith . - Hardy ? Hi , sweetheart . I was beginning to think you wouldn 't call . I was afraid I couldn 't get through to you . I just called to- - I wanted to wish you luck , Hardy . We 'll need it . Well ... Well , that 's the only reason I called . I just wanted to say good luck , Hardy . Thanks , honey . Now I know we 'll be all right . Goodbye . What is it ? - I wished him luck . - And ? Hardy 's superstitious . He always has been . He 's like a child about that one thing . Nobody but nobody wishes him luck . It 's not Hardy . [ DIALLING ] Operator , the blockhouse , please . Flight administrator . Yes , Stan Arthur . I don 't know whether I want that clock to slow down or speed up . [ INTERCOM BUZZES ] - Control . - Who is this ? - Roberts . May I help you ? - But I asked to speak to Mr. Arthur . - Please put him on . - Well , I 'm sorry . That 's impossible . If you could call back after liftoff ... No , this is Mrs. Hardy Smith . Do you understand ? Mrs. Hardy Smith . Now , this is an emergency . I don 't know , Mrs. Smith . Oh , please for the love of God , put him on . - Angela ? - Gavin . Gavin , you 've got to stop him . I have proof it 's not Hardy . Stan , come here , take this . Hardy 's wife . Yes , Mrs. Smith , what is it ? I haven 't time to explain , but that man you are sending up , he is not my husband . - What ? - He 's an impostor . A phoney , a part of some terrible plot . Please , Mr. Arthur , before anyone else is murdered , stop him . That man is not Hardy Smith . I 'm his wife . I know . STAN [ OVER P.A. ] : Commander Smith , report to Control immediately . Commander Smith , report to Control immediately . Commander Smith . Commander Smith . Commander Smith . Commander Smith . Contact the technicians . Tell them to hold him . Commander Smith . Report to Control immediately . I 'm sorry , commander . We 're gonna have to- - [ ENGINES WHIRRING ] The countdown has been stopped . There has been an emergency . All technicians are ordered to leave the service tower immediately . Repeat , the countdown has been stopped . MAN [ ON TV ] : Ladies and gentlemen , we are trying to get word from Mission Control . As you heard , the countdown was stopped , and as far as we can ascertain , it never was restarted . But the space vehicle has lifted off . As you can see , the moonshot has actually blasted off . The space vehicle is now about three miles over the ocean and we are still awaiting word from Control as to what happened . It looks like the vehicle is in trouble . The vehicle has exploded . We have no word from Mission Control . As far as we know , the astronauts were not aboard , and as soon as we can get word as to what caused the liftoff and the explosion , we will relay the information to you . I would like to repeat , however , as far as we know , no astronauts were aboard the space vehicle . LEWIS : This morning , a craft out there powerful enough to reach the moon . Now , nothing . Well , as Tony LaCava says , " You can 't win them all . " Who said we lost ? We don 't have any proof . And what we saw in those reconnaissance photos , the structures , they 're still up there . Well , my guess is they 'll be gone by the time the next moonshot goes up . It 's taken the aliens a year to get a man into the programme . They can 't do it again . Now they 'll probably have to destroy that installation , whatever it is . If they do , we 've won , for now . [ KNOCKING ] Excuse me , sir . Mrs. Smith 's waiting downstairs . Oh , fine . Tell her I 'll be right down . Anything on Owens ? No , sir . He 's disappeared . This is the statement McNally 's going to give to the press conference , the official version . The official version . Thanks , Riley . " Hardy Smith , hero 's death . " They still don 't buy your invaders . Privately they feel that Hardy went berserk , pressure and so forth . " There will be a major investigation . " That could take months , maybe even years . Well , we just have to wait and see . Well , we did all we could . And I 'll keep trying . I promise you that . Well , can 't keep a press conference waiting . What about you ? What happens after the press conference ? Oh , I 'll be here . They know there was a conspiracy no matter who they blame , at least now they know I haven 't flipped . I 'll be here . NARRATOR : In the far reaches of outer space , the invader reorganizes his plan for the conquest of the Earth . He 's been delayed , but he hasn 't been beaten .
