 Everything all right back there ? Everything 's fine , Mr. Cahill . This is Charter three to Cameron one . [ OVER RADIO ] : Come in , Cameron one . This is Cameron one . Where are you , Barney ? About 80 miles southeast of the airport . This colourful old crate 's beginning to show her age . Can you make it home ? No , I 'm cooking on one burner and losing altitude fast . I 'd better look for a place to park this thing . All right , Barney . Good luck . Report your position as soon as you can . Charter three out . Got that thing lashed down good and tight ? Excuse me , but you can 't land down there . You know of a better place ? But we 're expected at Cameron Airport . Go on back there with your friends . Lie down and face down on the floor . Take your coat off , use it as a pillow . Now , look here , we charted this plane- - Go on , go on , move . All right , hold on , this is gonna be rough . [ GRUNTING ] Pick it up . That must weigh a ton . Nova , get up , easy , easy . - Let 's see the arm . - Don 't touch him . Leave him alone . Get out of here . His arm , it- - There 's no blood . No pain . It 's not even bleeding . What do you want ? What is it ? What do you want ? Come on , come on . What do you want ? ANNOUNCER : The Invaders . A Quinn Martin Production . Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . NARRATOR : The invaders . Alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination : the Earth . Their purpose : to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road , looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner , and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . ANNOUNCER : The guest stars in tonight 's story : Jack Warden , Susan Oliver , David Sheiner , Murray Matheson . Tonight 's episode , " The Ivy Curtain . " NARRATOR : This is Mr. William Burns , educator , business administrator , here on the planet Earth for less than a year . David Vincent first saw Burns at an alien installation in Miami . Last week he found him again in Omaha and followed him here to Cameron , New Mexico , a small town whose peaceful streets shroud the presence of the Invaders . MAN : Road signs can be very misleading and this one seems to have taken you to a dead end . BURNS : Now , if you don 't mind , I 'd like to know who you are . And why you 've been following me . I don 't know where you get the idea that I 've been- - [ DAVID GRUNTING ] Drive his car back . MAN : Welcome to the Academy , Mr. Cahill . I 'm Dr. Reynard . Oh , come now , my friend . Relax . We 've already notified the airline . They have been assured that you are in no danger whatsoever . CAHILL : Well , I wish I could be that sure . Come on , mister , what 's this all about ? CAHILL : Now , look , this isn 't any school . I don 't care what that sign says outside . REYNARD : Would you like a drink ? I 'd like an explanation . I mean , the man gets cut , he doesn 't bleed . I ask some questions and- - - Look , tell me why I 'm here and- - - You 'll be satisfied ? Well , our initial plan was to kill you . Kill me ? But there may be a more practical alternative . Like what ? With or without soda ? Now , look , what do you want me to do ? What do you want me to do , crawl ? I mean , what kind of a game are we playing ? All right , you got me scared . Now , go ahead , talk . I 'll listen . You are a pilot , Mr. Cahill . We need a pilot . - No . - Well , in that case , cheers . You see , our students come from distant regions . We meet them at a central rendezvous and transport them to various training centres , which we intend to establish throughout the country . What 's the matter with a commercial airline ? Well , most of our students are immigrants . Foreigners . They 're unacquainted with the customs and language . Contact with the public might be embarrassing . Now , look , it 's pretty obvious you got a big operation here . So why do you wanna take a chance with a guy you don 't even know ? We know you , Mr. Cahill , we know you very well . I don 't know . No , no . I don 't get myself mixed up in any smuggling operation . Well , since you are more valuable to me alive than dead , perhaps this may prove a less painful inducement . You will be paid $ 1,000 per head . Cash on delivery . And this is for this morning 's inconvenience . I 'm sure you will agree with me you cannot afford to turn this down . Considering the rather drastic alternative , I don 't think you will . [ WOMAN SCREAMING ] MAN : An emotion that dominates all human behaviour . They refer to it as " fear . " Before you leave this academy , you will be programmed to simulate fear in varying degrees of intensity . You will learn the language of emotion . Just as you have learned the language with which you are now communicating . [ WOMAN WHIMPERING ] MAN : You will learn how to use fear as a weapon , to twist anxiety into hate , suspicion into violence , cowardice into surrender . The mastering of this technique will make the destruction of the human race inevitable . [ WOMAN SCREAMING ] MALE VOICE : The agency in charge of foreign intelligence : the CIA . Investigating domestic subversion : the FBI . There is no national police force . Each state , county and city is responsible for the control of crime within its own jurisdiction . The Untied States Armed Forces now number three million men . Their principal weapon today is a primitive device known as the hydrogen bomb . As yet , this race fears its use . I 'm sure you 'll enjoy working for us , Mr. Cahill . Our students are accustomed to air flight , and you 'll find them the most accommodating of passengers . I better get back to the plane . That one engine has to be- - Don 't worry about it . Our technicians have already repaired it . David Vincent . Take this to the programming room . Feed the information and description to all the newcomers . MALE VOICE : Human beings live in units called the " family " for the purpose of security and protection . They romanticize this grouping with an emotion they call " love . " David Vincent . David Vincent . Five feet 11 inches tall , 170 pounds , sandy hair . He is an enemy to our cause and knows of our existence . He must be destroyed . Find him . And he said he 'd call back in the morning , Pete . Hi . Can I help you ? Yes , I 'm looking for a man named Cahill . He 's a pilot . - You look lousy , mister . - Do you know him ? Yeah , he left just a while ago . Can I get you some water ? No , thanks . Uh ... Where can I reach him ? Well , he 'll be in early in the morning . He 's got a flight at 10 and another one at 3 . Yeah , well , it 's important that I see him tonight . Now , can you give me his address or his phone number ? I 'm sorry . Company rules . Are you- - ? Are you another reporter ? Would it help if I were ? Not really . But you should have come in earlier . Barney gave out his story . And then he left . It 's in your paper . Miss , I 'm covering this story for the wire services . Now , if I don 't make a deadline by tonight , I 'm out of a job . Now , is there anyone here who can give me the information I need ? Well , um ... I 'm not exactly a fountain of knowledge , but I am here . Available for interviews ? Interviews , seances , clambakes , poetry readings . Give me just a moment to close up . You sure you 're all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . I don 't really like the taste much , but it does loosen me up . We were talking about the accident . We were talking about me . It was just another everyday , nothing , forced landing . We have them five times a year at Cameron . How often does Barney Cahill have them ? Look , whatever Barney is , I can guarantee you that he hasn 't done anything wrong . Not today , not any other day . He has no guts . He had them all shot out in World War II . Well , maybe he found them again . Sure he found them . That 's why he 's working here . That 's why he stopped being a hotshot test pilot in L.A. Are you sure there 's no place I can find him tonight ? Well , why don 't we talk about it in the car , huh ? I 'll go powder my nose . Hey , Jim , where 'd he go ? I don 't know , Stace . But he left a big tip . Uh , give me another one , huh , Jim ? Make it a double . CAHILL : No , no , nobody got hurt . In fact , the passengers got quite a kick out of it . Yeah , well , it gave them something to talk about . [ DOORBELL BUZZING ] Hey , Jimmy , there 's my wife at the door . She must have forgot her keys . Look , I 'll call you later , all right ? And listen , thanks for everything . Right . Hi , darling . Sorry I 'm late . Oh , that silly old car just refused to start again . Why don 't you try filling it with martinis ? You seem to run pretty well on them . I had one drink while the car was being fixed . Will you unzip me , please ? I 'd like to take a shower . - Who paid your bar bill this time ? - I did . With what ? Your wedding ring ? You know I don 't wear that to work anymore . It gets in the way when I type . Doesn 't help you too much in saloons , either , does it ? When was the last time you bought me a drink , Barney ? That 's not what we 're talking about , baby , and you know it . You know something ? If there 's one thing I can 't stand , it 's a reformed drunk . Why don 't you level for once in your life ? It has nothing to do with a drink or a night on the town . It 's me , isn 't ? - So why don 't you get it out ? - " It 's me . It 's me . " Like you 're so important . Like you 're a real big man who 's misunderstood . Well , tell me something , darling , who are you ? What are you ? Well , for one thing , I happen to be your husband . Yeah , who 's old enough to be my father . And just as broke as he was on the day he died . What happened to all the promises , Barney ? You were gonna give me the whole world . No , don 't start that again . Just let it ride for once , will you ? - Just don 't- - - Two thousand a week . They offered you 2000 a week just to test out some few fancy planes . And I wasn 't sorry about turning it down then , and I 'm not sorry now . Look , I 'm a little too old and a little too tired to start being a hero again . The whole world . Where is it , Barney ? Me , I need a few drinks before I come home . - Hi , Pete . PETE : Lieutenant . - Vincent ? - Yes . Detective Lieutenant Alvarado . Lieutenant . You said on the phone that somebody tried to kill you . - That 's right . - Who ? I 'm not sure exactly . They 're from Midlands Academy . Excuse me , I didn 't hear you . What- - ? Doctor , would you mind just a minute . They were from Midlands Academy . - Midlands Academy ? - Right . Well , why ? Why would they wanna kill you ? To keep me quiet . That academy is a front . A fake . It 's really a school for people who are planning to overthrow the government . And you found out about it . How ? I mean , what 's your connection with the academy , Mr. Vincent ? Look , I can prove all of this to you if you 'll just go out there with me . You 're not going anywhere , not for a couple of days . - Not in your shape . - Has he been drinking ? - Look , I 'm not drunk . - It 's on your breath , pal . - How many have you had tonight ? - I know what I 'm talking about . You get a good night 's sleep , and we 'll be back in the morning . - Look , lieutenant- - - In the morning , pal . Barney ? Barney . This money , where 'd it come from ? It may not be the whole world , baby . - But it 's a beginning . - What are you talking about ? I 'm talking about $ 3000 . And 4000 tomorrow . Come on , here . To bigger and better things . Barney ? Tell me , where did this money come from ? From Mr. Cahill . To Mrs. Cahill with love . Now , what do you want ? New dress ? You got it . - A new car ? You got that too . - Hey , Barney , stop it . What we 'll do as soon as we finish our drink , we 'll go down , pick out a new one . Any kind you want , any colour , anything at all . - Barney , what are you talking about ? - I 'm talking about that world . It begins right now . Barney , you must be mad . I don 't- - Where did you get this money ? I don 't understand . What 's going on ? [ PLAYING UPBEAT ROCK ] Look , if you ask me , we ought to drop the bomb on China before they drop it on us . I don 't know why we 're taking all this pushing around . You 'd better believe it , baby . These new cops are all power hungry . We keep playing ball with them , and this country 's gonna turn into a real police state . - Is something wrong , doctor ? - Much too passionate . Fanatics never influence anyone . Now , if we are going to poison their minds , sow seeds of hate and destruction , we must be convincing , sincere . Now , you know the theory . Will you please put it into practise ? Yes , doctor . I mean , why make such a big scene about LSD or pot ? It 's groovy . - Who are they to tell us how to live ? - Now , that is very good . Well , you sold us quite a story , Mr. Vincent . We 've never had any enemy agents here in Cameron before . I 'm looking forward to meeting them . No , no , no , really . Absolutely not . I refuse to allow you to disrupt our classes and upset our students . We just want to look around . There won 't be any disturbance . Oh , that 's your opinion , lieutenant . [ DOOR OPENS ] Good morning , gentlemen . What seems to be the trouble ? I wish I knew , Dr. Reynard . Some nonsense about a conspiracy to overthrow the government . - A ludicrous story that- - - Overthrow the government ? [ SCOFFS ] At this academy ? - You can 't be serious . - I 'm not making any accusations . I can save a lot of time if you 'll come with me . No , no , no , just a moment , just a moment . I 'm sorry . Now we have classes in session . Unless you have a search warrant , no . I 'm sorry . I was hoping we wouldn 't have to use this , Dr. Reynard . Very well . Show him around . DAVID : I think I can show them what they wanna see . Yesterday , in here , they had a demonstration on how to use fear as a weapon . Let me ask you something , lieutenant . Do you get a search warrant every time some crackpot comes to you with a ridiculous story ? Do you mind , Mr. Burns ? One of our study halls . No , no , no , I 'm sorry , no visitors are permitted in there . It 's locked . Let 's open it , Mr. Burns . Do you have A key ? Yes , I have a key . [ UPBEAT ROCK PLAYING ] Recreation room . Actually , it 's much busier during lunchtime . Open the other room . Let me have the key , Mr. Burns . Use this one , lieutenant . Therefore , only 20 of the 103 elements on the periodic table can be called non-metallic . And yet , the metallic ones are difficult to recognise . Does anyone know why ? - Sir ? - Yes . Because they 're usually combined with other elements . That 's right . Let 's try a little experiment - with the plain non-metallic elements . - Some kind of a gag , Vincent ? [ DAVID SIGHS ] I know how this looks , lieutenant . They 've changed everything around . I swear , they 've changed everything . - Lieutenant , there 's another part of- - - Never mind . I 've seen enough . Thank you . Come on , Vincent . Mr. Vincent . Your wallet . You must have dropped it somewhere . [ BOTH LAUGHING ] You can take me flying without a plane . Hey , speaking of flying , I better get out of here . Barney ? You 're mixed up in something illegal , aren 't you ? Look , how many times do I have to tell you , I 'm not mixed up in anything . I made a deal . A legitimate deal . I just can 't talk about it , that 's all . Stop worrying , huh ? I can 't help it . I just don 't want anything to happen to you . - You mean that ? - I mean it , Barney . Good luck , darling . And please ... be careful . Mr. Cahill . David Vincent . Can I talk to your for a minute ? - About what ? - Midlands Academy . In here . - I 've got about three minutes . - I was at the academy yesterday . I heard your conversation . You what ? Do you know who those people are ? What they 're doing here ? Look , I 'm not sure I really care . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 've got a flight to make . I know you 're picking up some passengers , Barney . Do you know who they are ? They 're foreign agents being sent in here for training to infiltrate and eventually take over . Now , let 's not get cute , huh ? If you 're with the government , say so . If not , keep out of my way . Maybe you haven 't seen what goes on at that academy . I have . It 's a training centre . It 's a training centre where they learn to act like us , infiltrate our society . And eventually take over and destroy us . Who 's gonna destroy us ? Who are they ? Look , why are you telling me all this ? If you really know something , why don 't you go to the cops or the FBI ? Because I need proof . You can give it to me . What is this ? A loyalty test ? Did they send you here to sound me out ? You can go back and tell them I passed . They must be paying you a lot of money . That 's right , buster , a lot of money . Barney ? Are you in here ? Hey , the boss is looking for you . Where have you been ? Hello , Stacy . You know my wife ? Yes , we met in the office yesterday . Mr. Vincent was there on business . Honey , the plane is waiting for you . You 'd better hurry . Now , wait a minute , Barney . Will you listen to me for just a minute ? Now , those students you 're gonna pick up , please don 't take them to the academy . Bring them here to this airport . I 'll have the police or the FBI waiting . - Barney , what is he talking about ? - Don 't pay any attention to him . Your husband 's working for Midlands Academy . Sooner or later it could get him killed . Oh , no . Now , look , I 've got it all worked out . I 'm gonna milk them for a few dollars , and then I 'll pull the string . Barney , I know them . It won 't work . Darling , I don 't know what this is all about , but if what he 's saying is true , then please stop now . It isn 't worth it , darling . Nothing 's worth that . Hey ... I don 't want to lose you . All right . Tell the police to be here in two hours . I 'll have a plane with four passengers . Information ? I 'd like the telephone number of Midlands Academy please . Midlands Academy . [ MACHINE WHIRRING ] Did that thing bring you here ? Answer me . DAVID : Look , they 're foreign agents , and they 're due to arrive here at Cameron in less than an hour . Now strictly speaking , Mr. Vincent , this isn 't in the jurisdiction of the state police . Yes , sir . Well , I 've tried that , I 've tried that here in Cameron . They referred me to you . Now if you don 't help me , who do I call ? All right , Mr. Vincent . We 'll be there . All right , fine . And thank you . [ EERIE THROBBING ] [ THUD ] [ PLANE SOARING ] Cameron one , this is Charter three . Come in , Cameron one . This is Cameron one , Barney , come in . I 'll be dropping in on you pretty soon . How about some landing instructions ? Cameron one , come in , this is Charter three . Come in , Cameron one . CAHILL : Come in , Cameron one . Cameron one , come in , this is Charter three , come in . MAN : Charter three , this is Cameron one , come in , please . Over . Is that you , Johnny ? Charter three , the runway is clear for landing . Proceed according to instructions . Over . DAVID : Where 's Burns ? Don 't go in there , please . Don 't go in there . Look ... they told me that they wouldn 't hurt anybody . They promised me that they wouldn 't hurt anybody . I needed the money . [ GUNSHOT , STACY SHRIEKS ] Barney , can you hear me ? This is David Vincent . Can you hear me ? Yeah , I can hear you . What 's the matter ? Barney , get back up into the air . Do you understand ? Don 't land . The people from the academy are here . They 've been tipped off . Do you hear me ? Don 't land . Do not land . All right , now . I 'll call the police in Albuquerque . Take your passengers there . How did they find out ? Who blew the whistle on us ? DAVID [ OVER SPEAKER ] : Do you have enough fuel to get to Albuquerque ? CAHILL : Not a chance . - Who blew the whistle on us , David ? - Never mind that . You understand my instructions so far ? DAVID : Barney ? Barney ? Yeah . Tell Stacy I said thanks a lot . DAVID : Charter three , come in , Charter three . Barney . Come in , Barney . Charter three over and out . DAVID : Charter three , come in , charter three . This is Charter three . Barney , where are you ? Over the school . Right smack on target . Charter three out . [ CRASH RUMBLES ] [ MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING ] MAN [ OVER P.A. ] : Your attention please . Bus for Albuquerque will be leaving in five minutes . Departure in five minutes . Mr. Vincent , please , I have to talk to you . I tried to reach you at your hotel , but when they told me that you 'd checked out already , for a second , I was almost glad because I was afraid to face you . All right , you 've faced me . Do you think that I wanted Barney to die ? Look , all I wanted was some money . I didn 't know . How could I know what Barney would do ? I just wanted some money . I have to catch a bus . NARRATOR : An indoctrination centre destroyed , where new arrivals on the planet Earth can learn the fine points of human behaviour . A day later , David Vincent leaves the town of Cameron , New Mexico , grimly aware that sometimes human behaviour can seem as alien as creatures from another world .
