 [ Man Narrating ] Two American scientists are lost in the swirling maze ... of past and future ages ... during the first experiments on America 's greatest and most secret project - the Time Tunnel . Tony Newman and Doug Phillips now tumble helplessly toward a new , fantastic adventure ... somewhere along the infinite corridors of time . [ Shells Exploding In Distance ] Looks like World War I equipment . - [ Shells Exploding ] - The Alps . Northern Italy or Austria . - [ Shell Incoming , Explodes ] - Let 's get out of here . [ Explosions Continue ] [ Narrator ] The Time Tunnel . [ Clatters ] What was that ? - [ Tony ] " Nero . ' " - The Roman emperor . - [ Wood Groaning ] - [ Plaster Falling ] We 'd better get out of here before this whole ceiling caves in ! [ German Officer ] Corporal . ! The cellar . ! Take no prisoners . ! - [ Frequency Oscillating ] - Another instant . I can 't get a firm fix on them , General . Some strange interference . Another life force dominating the readings . Even the date reading won 't hold steady . Somewhere in 1 91 5 . Well , keep at it . [ Groaning ] Who could 've killed him ? Corporal . ! Did you find anyone ? Major Neistadt ! Major Neistadt , over here ! They 'll think we killed that German . Major Neistadt , over here . Corporal Brunn - He came in here to look for survivors . Did you search in there ? Ja , but there is no one there , sir . They must 've gotten out that way . Go after him and kill him . Watch it . Just a rat . These catacombs are centuries old . - How could these matches have gotten here ? - Somebody 's been here recently . Could be smugglers , bandits - Who knows ? First thing we have to do is find our way out of here . Let 's see if we can figure out how to work the catch on that door . We 'd better not . Those Germans are shooting first and asking questions later . Maybe we can find another way out . Major , it is impossible for anyone to get through these beams . You overlook the obvious . These beams fell after the killer got through the door . Post sentries outside . This must lead up into the house . We will find the man . It 's blocked off . [ Metal Clanking ] - Wait a second . - [ Explosions In Distance ] This type of armor dates back to the time of the caesars . It ties in with Nero 's casket . - [ Shell Explodes ] - [ Plaster Breaking ] One direct hit , and we could be buried alive . If we don 't find another way out soon , we 'd better chance getting by the Germans in the cellar . Let 's try those stairs . [ Neistadt ] Search the house room by room . It 's about a 40-foot drop . Thieves , huh ? You have come to rob and loot . Well , there is very little left . Wait a minute . We 're not looters . - We took shelter in your cellar during the bombardment . - Your accents . - [ Doug ] We 're Americans . - Americans ? We were trying to get away from the attack , but our car broke down . Oh , you think war is an amusement , huh ? A matter of sightseeing . Listen , a German soldier was killed in your cellar . - Now , they 'll think we did it . We 've got to get out of here . - Here ? - The Germans are already here . - Only an advance squad . - Do you have any rope ? We could get out this window . - If you didn 't kill the German ... why are you trying to escape ? America is neutral in this war . The Germans won 't harm you if you are Americans . Whoever did kill him got away somehow , but if the Germans find us here , they 'll think - [ Knocking ] Doug , try to open the wall . It 's our only chance . What wall ? What do you mean ? What are you talking about ? - [ Knocking ] - [ Doug ] There must be a secret catch here . [ Neistadt ] Open the door . Your names , please . Listen . I can save you . - Tell me your names . - [ Neistadt ] Open up , or we will shoot . Patience ! I will open it ! [ Forceful Whispering ] Your names ! - I 'm Doug Phillips , and this is Tony Newman . - If you want to live ... give me the gun . I 'm Count Enrico Galba . Let me do the talking . [ Knocking Resumes ] Patience ! Coming ! Coming ! [ Knocking ] You will back up against the wall . - And you too , old man . - Thank heavens you are here , Major . Looters have been stripping my villa since the attack began . My guests and I had to lock ourselves in these rooms for fear they will murder us . Search the other room . - You are Enrico Galba ? - Yes . I will not need this anymore . We are safe now . The major will protect us . Herr Galba - You will address me as Count Galba ... and you and your men will treat my guests and I ... with courtesy and respect while you are in my house . You dare order me ? You 're my prisoners . May I remind you , Kaiser Wilhelm himself ... issued orders concerning treatment of nobility . With exceptions . Should nobility oppose actions of the kaiser 's imperial army ... then you will be treated like any other enemy . My house is yours until the Italian army drives you out . A German soldier was killed in your cellar . Soldiers are dying everywhere . There is no one in the other room , Major . There are no other exits . These men could have killed my soldier , and you can be shot for protecting them . What reason would I have to harm one of your soldiers ? - They 're American citizens , neutrals . - Americans ? Yes . When the bombardment started ... Count Galba 's servants deserted him , so we stayed on . [ Galba ] Major , use your famous German logic . If we had anything to fear from the Imperial German Army ... wouldn 't we have used the gun I gave you ? This is a large house , Major . The looter who killed your soldier must still be hiding . - We will find him . - So there will be no further suspicions while you remain ... may I suggest you lock us in this room ? You will be locked in because you are my prisoners , not because you suggest it . But do not try to escape , Count Galba , or you will be shot ... with the kaiser 's blessings . - That was close . - Shh-shh . We are in serious danger . The insignia on the major 's uniform - signal corps . Obviously they are here to establish a spotter post for their artillery . See , from here ... every road in the valley can be seen . The Germans can pinpoint their fire against any counterattack . Won 't the Italians realize your villa 's being used as a spotter post ? Exactly . Then we 'll be caught between two fires . - My villa will be destroyed . - We came up from the cellar through the catacombs . We can get out the same way . I know that wall swings open somehow . I never knew a secret passage existed . This is my ancestral home . There 's got to be a release or a spring or something . I found it . Some Germans may still be in the cellar . You stay here with Count Galba . I 'll take a look . If we can get through the cellar , the Germans may have a truck outside . All right . But be careful . Don 't try anything alone . Excellent . From here , we can see every major pass in the valley . The Italian army will be completely destroyed . - How long do we have to hold this position , Major ? - A few hours . Our intelligence reports that the Italians are already moving toward the front . Once we spring the trap , our mission will be over . - What of Count Galba und the Americans ? - They will be killed . - Haven 't you stabilized yet ? - [ Frequency Oscillating ] There 's some strange interference . - It 's preventing my stabilizing the fix . - Keep trying ! We 've got to help ! Here 's something from the history computer . Villa Galba was destroyed by artillery fire during World War I. The date was October 23 , 1 91 5 . That narrows the range . Reset your controls . The base date is May 1 91 5 . There was no significant action untilJune orJuly . We 'll narrow the range to the period between July and October 23 . I 'm still getting that interference . Amplify the radiation . That 's it . Hold the level steady . We 're getting a firm reading , General . October 23 ... 1 91 5 . 1 91 5 . The villa may be destroyed at any minute . Doug and Tony 'll be killed . If I were 20 years younger ... I would be commanding my own regiment . I would drive the Huns back across the Alps . Did you know that Nero was buried in the cellar ? That 's an old wives ' tale . You must 've heard it from the villagers . - No one has ever found his grave . - But I saw it . Nero 's crypt was blasted open by an artillery shell . When I was a child , I heard of the promise ... that Nero swore when he was dying . He 'd come back to revenge himself . Oh , I know that 's nonsense , utter nonsense . [ Rattling ] If they find out Tony 's not here , we 're in trouble . [ Rattling , Banging ] Go and see what that racket is . - [ Rattling , Banging Continue ] - Tell them to shut up ! [ Rattling , Banging ] I don 't understand . They have the key . [ Doug ] What do you want ? Why do you make so much noise ? - [ Galba ] Why didn 't you answer before ? - You will keep quiet . It is the major 's order . You will be fed in due time . [ Rattling ] [ Wind Whistling ] [ Chuckling Softly ] [ Continues Chuckling ] Listen , Sergeant . You gave us the message , so just report back to your major . - Galba ? You are the descendant of Emperor Galba ? - Yes . Your ancestor declared me to be a public enemy . He forced me to flee from Rome . - He drove me to my death . - You 're drunk ! - I will report you to your major . - Now , wait ! And now , Galba , you will feel the revenge of Nero ! - [ Doug Grunts ] - Nero will kill all men who defend Galba ! Major , this man attacked Count Galba . You were attempting to escape . He tried to strangle me ! He seemed possessed ! He said he was going to take revenge on me because of what my ancestor did to Nero . Ridiculous . You expect me to believe such nonsense ? He was raving about Nero and Emperor Galba . He is drunk . I will kill you . I will kill all of you ! - Schweinehund . ! Take him out ! - [ Wind Whistling ] - [ Door Bangs Shut ] - Wait . No doubt the ghost of Nero . See ? No ghosts . The wind closes the door , and you superstitious fools shake with fear . Take him out ! I want no more trouble from you . The next time I send a soldier , he will have orders to shoot ... no matter what my kaiser has ordered . [ Wind Whistling ] What happened to me , huh ? Where am I ? H-How can you explain ? - Let 's not even try . Now , our first objective ... - [ Shells Exploding In Distance ] is to get out of here alive . We 're lucky you came back when you did . - If that major had discovered you missing - - His hands on my throat ... icy cold like a dead man 's . You 're imagining it . You 've got to pull yourself together . No matter what nonsense that sergeant said , one thing was real enough . He was trying to kill you . Not a ghost , but a soldier . And maybe on orders from the major . I don 't know . I would like to believe you . Better to face a living threat than - Ah ! I don 't believe in ghosts . Listen . The bombardment stopped . Let 's try to make a break for it . We can 't use the secret door . The German soldiers are still in the cellar . I think we 'd better wait till it 's dark . Ann , do we know what time the bombardment 's gonna hit the villa ? No , sir . Just the date : today . Look at this . While Tony and Doug were fighting the German ... the interference levels reached incredible peaks . There 's some unexplainable force preventing us from getting a clear fix on them . Unexplainable force ? What are you talking about ? Are you suggesting that Nero 's ghost actually took possession of the German ? General , whatever the force is , it 's making us powerless to help Tony and Doug . I asked for all the facts on Nero and Galba . This is from an ancient Roman account of Nero 's death . It says that Nero 's last words were , " " I shall return to kill all descendants of Galba . " Both of you scientists ... and yet you 're seriously discussing the possibility of the existence of a ghost . General , because we are scientists , we can 't discard any possibility . If that was a ghost that took possession of the German soldier ... then it 's a murderous threat to Doug and Tony . You heard the German say he 'd kill Galba and anyone who stands in his way . - General , we need help with this . - You name it . I 'll give the authorization . The best research man on the subject is Dr. Steinholtz , Carton University . - He may have some answers . - I 'm willing to try anything at this point . We 're ready to go . We 're ready to go . He said he would kill anyone who tried to help me . - Aren 't you afraid ? - Yes . Of the Germans . Of the bombardment , when it comes . You make me ashamed . No Galba was ever a coward . Well , I am a Galba ... and if it is my fate to die at the hands of an invisible monster ... then I 'll die . [ Sighs ] Well , I don 't know . I have studied many psychic phenomena , but this - See , Doctor , these men are actually living in a different time zone . That 's all . Tony and Doug are our connection to that time zone . And they can be affected by what you are doing here in the Time Tunnel ? Yes , but there 's been interference - abnormal interference-with our control . You think it is the ghost ? - Well , if there is a ghost . - Oh , ganz moglich , it 's quite possible . During psychic phenomena , I have actually recorded ... enormous electrical energy surges on instruments . - So you 'll tell me , please , what you actually know ? - Yes , sir . This way , please . " " Nero fled for his life to a northern province . There he was killed . " " Unsubstantiated : Nero 's last words were , " I shall return ... to kill all descendants of Galba . " " Yes . The legendary curse of a dying man . It frequently comes up in my research . Tell me . Did you see or hear anything unexplainable ? Well , a door was being pounded , Doctor . We actually heard it , but saw nothing . Now , if the ghost is the kind called a " " poltergeist " ... it is quite powerless against locked doors . Doctor , the second thing we observed ... was that a German soldier seemed suddenly invested by the force . He tried to kill Count Galba . The man even talked strangely , as though he were Nero . Yes , well , sometimes a poltergeist can get into a human body . That way , he can open locked doors and ... even get an innocent person to kill for him . I 'm only interested in giving Tony and Doug every chance to get safely out . You may call the interference a ghost , poltergeist or whatever . We just wanna get rid of it . [ Door Creaking ] [ Creaking ] [ Wind Whistling ] It must be the ghost . - What can we do about it ? - Nothing . Nothing until I have had a chance to study it in action . [ Clatters ] - [ Gasps ] - It 's only me . Oh . If we could only see it ! Look , you stay with me , and we 'll try for the exit . [ Punch Landing ] - [ Thuds ] - [ Body Lands ] Count Galba , where are you ? - [ Gasping ] - Are you all right ? Leave me to die . Save yourself . You hold on to me , and we 'll try to get out of here . [ Shell Explodes ] [ Explosions Continue ] Doug ? [ Wind Whistling ] He 's possessed . The ghost force has taken possession of him . - I think we 've lost him . - No . We are the ones who are lost . How can we fight the powers of a ghost ? [ Creaking ] Oh . Pain in my chest . I - I can 't go any further . [ Ringing ] [ Ringing Continues ] - Are the interference readings aligned with Tony 's readings ? - Yes . Exactly . Can you transmit a power surge - a million volts ? - You 'll burn him alive . - Not if the surge lasts only one millisecond . - Shock treatment . - Yes . It 's worked with others possessed with spirits . It 's too risky . The slightest miscalculation , and Tony 'll be killed . Well , if he gets to Doug and Galba , he may kill them or be killed himself . Ray , can you send the surge ? I 'm authorizing it . Lock your coordinates , Ann . Align power circuits . Build to a million volts . Voltage building . 800,000 . 800,000 . 900,000 . One million . All right . Keep it steady . Set your charge at a millisecond . Ready . The reading on Tony has dropped to almost zero . - He may not come to . - What are the interference readings ? There are none . The ghost force has left Tony 's body . Small consolation ifTony dies . Maybe we can try for a retrieve . If we can get Tony back here ... we may be able to save his life . My chest ! [ Gasping ] Now , you just settle back , relax . The door 's locked . Locked doors seem to keep that ghost , or whatever it is , out . - I ran in terror . - I don 't blame you . There 's got to be a way we can get him . - What happened ? - I don 't know . - The readings are still constant . - I 've lost the image , but I 'm sure I can bring it back . - [ Beeping ] - Oh , wait . We 'd better check the circuits . The ghost is somewhere in this room . - Where 'd it come from ? - Whatever the force is , we have no control over it . [ Electrical Charges Bursting ] If we could only see it . What do we do ? We can 't just wait for him to kill us . His basic drive is toward Galba - the original Galba . Now , maybe with the Time Tunnel , you can send him back to his own period . Is that possible ? Can he be sent through the Tunnel ? Maybe . As long as we have an energy reading to guide us . - First , he has to get into the Tunnel . - [ Electrical Charges Bursting ] Ray , can you bring in an image of the period ? We need coordinates from the history computer . Ann . Time and place of Emperor Nero . [ Banging ] [ Electrical Charges Bursting ] [ Banging Continues ] [ No Audible Dialogue ] [ Banging ] All right . Lock your setting and activate image power . He 's attacking the image . Retract the electrodes . We must get him into the Tunnel . [ Banging , Rattling ] He 'll wreck the whole complex ! In the Middle Ages , they used torches to get rid of poltergeists . - They retreat before fire . - We 've got to try something . Flame guns to the control complex on the double ! [ Electrical Charges Bursting ] Get ready . Fire when I tell you . Now ! - Set the transmission . - For the day he died : 68 A.D. - Hurry it . Hurry it . - I 'm trying . I keep setting the controls for 68 A.D. , but they keep slipping back to 1 91 5 . I can 't control it , Ray . [ Electrical Charges Bursting ] He 's gone . Yes , but he 's gone back to the villa . The reading for Tony is almost nil . - Then he must be dying . - And the villa is due to be bombarded ... almost any moment now . I 'm ready . - This time , I will not run away . - Good . - Let 's get back to Tony . - [ Glasses Clinking ] He 's in this room . Nero , listen to me ! Your revenge is a petty and minor thing . What is the life of one Galba ... when the enemies of the Roman Empire are trying to destroy it ? Nero ! Emperor Nero ! The Huns have invaded ! Use your powers to destroy the Germans . Save the land you once ruled ! Achieve the greatness that you failed to attain when you lived ! [ Choking ] [ Blow Landing ] - [ Blow Landing ] - [ Body Thudding ] Tony ? Tony ? - He 's not wounded . - Let 's try to revive him . One more minute , and the entire Italian division will be in our trap . [ Door Opening ] There is still no sign of the prisoners , Major . When we abandon this position , our artillery will level the villa . That will take care of our prisoners . Signal to commence firing . I don 't remember . - How did I get here ? - You were unconscious when we found you . [ Shells Exploding ] We 've got to get moving . Through the cellar . [ Explosions Continue ] [ Door Creaking ] [ Gunfire ] [ Shouts ] [ Gunshot ] Corporal , we 're Americans . This is Count Galba . Can you get him to safety ? Take him to the field hospital . Corporal , the Germans are using this villa as a spotting post for their artillery . - Yes . We know . But how many are there ? - A squad . - Will you lead us to their observation post ? - Yes . Come on . Through here . [ Door Creaking ] - We 've got them again . - And the fix is firm . Power building . - I wonder what happened to Nero 's ghost . - We may never know . Get ready to transfer them . We are abandoning the villa . Tell artillery to give us five minutes , then destroy the villa . [ Wind Whistling ] There are no ghosts ! - There are none ! - [ Banging ] [ Wind Whistling ] We will drive the Huns out , and in the end , Caesar will return . - What is your name ? - Corporal Benito Mussolini . [ Lightning Crashing ] Wait ! I am Joshua , commander of the Israelites . Who are you , and what do you want among us ? We come ... from the future , Joshua . Rise . Leave them with me . The Lord appeared unto Moses and me ... in a cloud of dust ! After that ... all miracles are one miracle . But I must know if you are telling the truth . Joshua ! The warrior-prophet ... who brought down the walls ofJericho . So the Bible tells us . But are we supposed to accept the story literally ? Well , there he is ! Look ! General , that merely proves the historical existence of a man called Joshua . All the rest could be mere legend - poetry . We 're going to see the proof before our eyes . I 've always wanted to believe , and secretly doubted . At last , I 'll know . As a scientist , I don 't permit myself to believe in miracles . We 'll see whether or not the walls came tumbling down .
