 [ Man Narrating ] Two American scientists are lost in the swirling maze ... of past and future ages ... during the first experiments on America 's greatest and most secret project - the Time Tunnel . Tony Newman and Doug Phillips now tumble helplessly toward a new , fantastic adventure ... somewhere along the infinite corridors of time . Somehow , there 's an unfriendly feel to the air . - Europe ? - Could be . Not France or Spain . Not Northern Europe though . - Germany . - No . Farther east , I think . 1 850 , 1 900 . It 's hard to tell about Europe . Some of these places haven 't changed in hundreds of years . I can 't make it out . It 's a Cyrillic alphabet . That 's Southeast Europe . You 're right about the unfriendly atmosphere . Tony . Today is June 1 6 , 1 956 . Looks like the kind of city where you might need identification papers . Maybe we won 't be here that long . Look ! A signal from the Time Tunnel . Must be . That 's a modification of the F-5 probe we worked on . What 's the matter ? - Tony , let go of it ! - I can 't ! [ Grunting ] Are you all right ? [ Panting ] My arms ... feel like the current is still going through them . Time Tunnel gave it too much power . At least their time lock was accurate . Accurate , but not enough control . The day they solve the problems of control is the day we 'll get home . Doug ! There 's another one . [ Narrator ] The Time Tunnel . The soldiers . Come on . They never received the message , and we 've almost killed them . - Is voice contact out of the question ? - We 've tried it , General . Just can 't establish an outward aural contact with time zone . Well , what do I tell Washington ? Just tell them we can 't get through . It must be pretty important to Central Intelligence the way they 've been pushing us . Not important enough to warrant killing Tony and Doug . - [ Ringing ] - Yes ? We made another try , General . Another failure . I see . Will you hold on a minute , please ? He keeps using the word " " critical . " Says the information needed is of critical importance . Doug and Tony 's lives are of critical importance too . - General - - I appreciate the risk , General Kirk . I only ask that you appreciate our need . Very well , sir . He 'll settle for one more try . I 'm against it . General , we do have a chance , without danger to Doug and Tony ... if we go back to the parabolic time curve under reduced power . Let 's try it . Ann , you take the controls . [ Computers Whirring ] [ Oscillating ] Start the countdown . You know , they can 't be trying to retrieve us . The only function of that F-5 probe is to send messages . Why not voice contact ? It 's worked before . They 're really anxious to reach us . What do we do ? Well , maybe they made corrections based on the last three tries . We 'll wait . Look ! It 's dematerializing . There 's a message inside . " " Meet Alexis . June 1 6 . " That 's today . - " " Midnight " ? - " " Midnight , end of Yarina Street . " It must be almost midnight now . Well , come on . Let 's try to find Yarina Street . It 's probably after 1 2 : 00 . Maybe Alexis didn 't wait . This is the place . It 's got to be . Are you looking for someone ? - Alexis . - End of Yarina Street . - You 're 1 0 minutes late . - Sorry . We didn 't get the message till - In our business , 1 0 minutes can be the difference between eating and being eaten . Which one of you is Smith ? I am . These are your identifications . - No one gets through the gates of A-1 3 without it . - [ Footsteps ] Come ! I don 't have to tell you how much the United States wants to get information on Project A-1 3 . - What in particular do we look for ? - Everything ... since you 'll be allowed to see everything . - You 're scientists , defectors . - How did you get our names ? Did I ask you where you got mine ? What he means is that these orders have all been confirmed by - Washington , top priority . But we 're wasting time . I 'll contact you from time to time . - If you have to reach me , one wavelength will reach me . - [ Beeps ] You spend the night at Hotel Cosmopole . You tell the desk clerk one word - " " Alexis . " Everything is arranged . Tomorrow morning at 7 : 00 ... a car will come for you and take you to A-1 3 . [ Footsteps ] What do you suppose happened to Smith and Williams , whoever they might be ? Well , we 're Smith and Williams now , if we wanna get involved . - We 're not spies or even trained as spies . - And don 't wanna be . Except that message came from Washington through the Time Tunnel . If it 's that important for them to find out what goes on in Project A-1 3 - Then we ought to go along with them . [ Tony ] A Time Tunnel . ! [ Doug ] It can 't be . Not in Europe . Not 1 956 . - Looks like ours . - The control banks are similar . The power unit . A lot of the computers are missing . Ah , I can see that you are overwhelmed . This is an impressive creation , yes ? Yes . Yes , it is indeed . Oh , uh , please forgive me . [ Chuckling ] I 'm Professor Anton Biraki . - Uh , you are Dr. Smith ? - I 'm Smith . Oh . How do you do ? And you 're Dr. Williams . I cannot describe to you how happy I am to have you . Of course , you still don 't know what all this is , do you ? Well , please look around . I wonder if you can guess the purpose of this project . [ Chuckles ] No , I really can 't . Not unless it 's like the project we worked on with Phillips and Newman . Two of our colleagues back in the States . We were beginning to develop a - Well , we were experimenting with time . Fantastic ! But you see , I am notjust beginning . This complex is ready to go into action ! That is why you and your knowledge are so valuable to me . [ Door Opens , Closes ] Oh , that will be Colonel Hruda . Do not be unnerved by him . Have as little to do with him as possible . He is not good . I have no admiration for defectors ! Colonel Hruda , please , this is not the way to greet my new associates . I would prefer our own scientists ! We have none qualified for this assignment . That is a criticism of our system , Biraki . I trust you understand my position . Colonel Hruda , as you see , is not a scientist . The government assigned him to this project , and I must put up with him . - [ Footsteps ] - Oh . My two assistants . Yeah , they know how to push buttons and turn the dials . But try to get highly skilled personnel , and it 's nearly impossible . That 's why you are so valuable to me . Please , observe everything . Study the mechanisms . Make yourselves at home . Yes , they arrived . Biraki thinks they will do . But I do not expect them to last very long . - Why do you say that ? - Because I believe it . And telling them that you have no admiration for defectors ? What are you trying to do , sabotage my workers ? I am trying to open your eyes , Biraki . - By breaking their morale ? - By making you see that they cannot be trusted . What has trust to do with the fourth-dimensional time curve ? - They are trained to do the work that I want ! - And our own people ? Why go to the other side of the world for scientists when we have them here by the thousands ? - The thousands ! - [ Scoffs ] An operational Time Tunnel in 1 956 . No wonder Washington had to have the information . The unit looks primitive to me . But by now , theirs might be more advanced than ours . I don 't like it . Washington should never ... have sent Doug and Tony into a situation like that . It 's obviously governmental , General . A secret . And if they 're caught - They 're in enough danger just lost in time without our adding to it . They could have told this Alexis fellow to get someone else . - The message wasn 't an order . - Sir ? - Hmm ? Yeah ? - If I were in their place , I 'd have considered it an order . - Why ? - It was over your signature , sir , not Dr. Swain 's . Jerry - Yes , sir . IfTony and Doug were just going to find out about Biraki , it might be all right . - But spying ? - All right . I 'll tell General Parker what we 've seen . Maybe this information is enough , and they can get out . - Good . - [ Dials Phone ] Tell him that the foreign complex has a fairly advanced time lock indicator ... location probe , time synchronizer and integrator . You can 't call it off , General Kirk . All we know is that Biraki may have had an operational Time Tunnel 1 2 years ago . I must have all the intelligence on Biraki and that Tunnel that I can get . [ Intercom Buzzes ] Send him in . Hello , Professor . Thank you for being so patient with us . - Good morning , Professor . - Good morning , good morning . I 'm sorry about the delay , but to be perfectly honest , we must do some investigating . Oh , of course . I understand . I understand . Although it is ironic that I 'm asking for an opportunity ... to help the United States . [ Chuckles ] Suppose you tell us about your proposed project . Oh , in the simplest terms , it 's a time mechanism ... which would send men into the past or the future and bring them back . - And that 's all theory , right , Professor ? - Much more than that , General . I have built such a mechanism once ... in my country . - And it 's operational ? - I regret to say , yes . - You regret ? But you built it . - When I built it ... I had no interest in politics , only science . I did not understand that in their hands ... my mechanism could turn into a threatening weapon . If I could develop one for you ... I would absolve myself of a great guilt . According to what General Parker told me on the phone last night ... all of Biraki 's statements are consistent with what we 've seen in the image area . Well , he could turn out to be a very valuable addition to our staff . - There 's one thing he said that worries me . - What 's that ? He told General Parker that they did develop the radiation bath . - Well , we would 've seen it . - No , not necessarily . They could 've added it later . My capsule . Observe the instrumentation . Please , look , gentlemen . Please . It 's very extraordinary . - Yes . - Quite a piece of engineering . Thank you . It has taken me 1 0 years to develop it . It will carry the first travelers into time . - You believe it 's really ready ? - Oh , it has been ready for a long time ... but I could not find a team competent to send . Instant interpretation , complex mental calculations are required . I could not find a team in this country . So now you understand who has been chosen . So now you understand who has been chosen . Ah , but your modesty permits you to say nothing . Yes , it 's true . Ah , how I envy you . I wish I could go , but my government insists that I remain in the complex . Well , how do you feel ? Well , it 's , uh , kind of a shock . A surprise , really . I don 't want you to feel that we 're not flattered , but - Yes , of course . It will take time for you to adjust to it . Imagine , to be the first ! Biraki , if you please ! I have just now heard from the ministry . They have suggested two new men for you , fresh from the university . From the university . I need scientists , not students ! Coming , Colonel Hruda . Has this capsule got a chance ? No . Before you came to the Time Tunnel ... we spent several years developing a capsule technique . Results - near disaster . We learned that all instrumentation must be in the Time Tunnel itself . Those are death seats . How can we get out of it ? The colonel ? He 's been trying his best to get rid of us . But I still do not understand . Why not ? Colonel , I can offer you explanations but not understanding . This may be the psychological moment to approach him . - Excuse me , Colonel . - What do you want ? I guess you know that Professor Biraki has singled us out for a great honor . Unfortunately . - We don 't think it 's right that we should be the first . - I agree . The first traveler in time will receive a great deal of publicity . I control all propaganda on this project . And our being defectors , trained in the West ... wouldn 't that give the United States all the credit ? There will be no publicity , and there will be no change in personnel ... at this late date , thanks to Dr. Biraki . Late date . That means they 'll send us out soon . Let 's try to get out of here . With those blindfolds they had on us when they brought us in here , which way is out ? We never went up or down any stairs , never got into an elevator . We 're at street level . Now we may never get another chance . What about the guards ? We just have to hope we meet ' em one at a time . - [ Lock Clangs ] - It 's locked . Try that one . It is plain you do not wish to cooperate ... but you have already seen too much ... so I will arrange for you to leave this installation another way ... but much more quietly . - You must think that I am a fool ! - Colonel . ! Colonel . ! - These men are not your enemies . I beg you . - But they tried to escape . Ah , you do not understand . Always I do not understand ! How does your giant intellect explain such an action ? Very simply - fear . They see danger in everything they do not fully understand . In this case , the time capsule . Colonel Hruda ... I will take full responsibility . I say that in front of witnesses . Gentlemen . [ Clicking Tongue ] There is absolutely nothing to fear . Every detail of that capsule has been worked out with expert precision . - We don 't doubt that , Professor , but the capsule - - Trust in me . I know exactly how to send you out and how to bring you back . - And bring us back too ? - Of course . You don 't think that I would abandon you somewhere in time ? Put your faith in me . I will put my faith in you . Familiarize yourself with it . Make it your friend . Excuse me . What if I just tell him I know it won 't work ? He wouldn 't believe you . Hey , what about our contact , Alexis ? Well , if he can help us ... now is the time . [ Long , Sustained Beep ] Maybe he never got the signal . Maybe Biraki 's capsule really works . No , it can 't , General . The approach is fundamentally wrong . It could kill them . Try for a time lock . I 'm gonna call Washington . We 'll try to transfer them . - [ Clicking ] - Hold the fix ! [ Laughing ] - They are afraid of the capsule . - Poor little Americans . - May I stay to see them off ? - Oh , yes , of course . - But , Alexis ? - Yes , Colonel ? How long have you been working for us ? Five years , Colonel . Perhaps there is something I could do to give you help up the ladder . Oh , that would be very nice , Colonel . I always try to do my duty . Sometimes , Alexis , it pays to go just a little further than your duty . A little guidance is always welcome . What do you think of Dr. Biraki ? Mmm , a scientist . - But not a practical man . - No . - We are practical men . - Oh , but of course . Alexis , it would do you a lot of good if these two Americans ... somehow had to be replaced . Alexis is working for the colonel . He 's not a United States agent at all . He delivered Tony and Doug to them . - [ Dialing Phone ] - Intensify the time lock . But , General , from what we 've just seen , Alexis is working for the other side ! He was the man that Smith and Williams were supposed to contact ... but that was 1 2 years ago . I can 't check out Alexis now . Our information is that he 's dead . We sent them into a trap , and we can 't wait any longer . General , we 're gonna get our boys out of that time zone , if we can . All right . Go ahead . We don 't want to get them killed . The time lock 's fading ! Increase power ! We 're at maximum now , Doctor . [ Long , Sustained Beep ] [ Beep Fades ] The signal is fading ! I 'm sorry it took so long . - Do they think you 're working for them ? - Yes . Alexis , get us out of here . But you were placed in A-1 3 for a purpose . Yes , to see what they have . Well , we 've seen it . Biraki wants to send us out in that contraption . Oh , are you-Are you afraid ? - No . It won 't work . - You can 't be sure of that . Well , I am sure . Alexis , don 't ask me why or how , but I 'm sure . - Now you get us out of here . - [ Footsteps ] Colonel , my American friends are afraid our time mechanism won 't work . They want me to help them to escape . You really are working for them , aren 't you ? He is paid by your country to do service for us . It saves us an awful lot of money that way . You did not deceive us . We knew from the beginning that you were spies - that you were not defectors . - We knew everything . - We knew your mission to spy on our time mechanism . - You know who we really are ? - What 's the difference what their real names are ? They have the technical knowledge Biraki wants . I must know who they really are . You will be made to talk ! Colonel , if you do not stop , I will have to go to higher authority . I must be permitted to direct this project without constant interference . - But they are not the men we expected . - I don 't care who they are . They have the knowledge and the training that I need ! I will be personally responsible . Gentlemen , I apologize . But they could destroy the capsule if they do not operate it correctly . But they will operate it correctly . How can you be sure , if you think we 're not defectors ? Very simply . We true scientists ... will never destroy a truly great scientific advance ... and your lives depend on the proper operation of the capsule . Does the name Alexis mean anything to you ? Yes , of course . He was a double agent who had Colonel Hruda 's confidence . He died in an accident . Did you at any time know a Dr. Douglas Phillips or Dr. Anthony Newman ? Phillips - Phillips or Newman ? No . We thought you might have heard of them ... as colleagues in your field . Mmm , no . No . But there were two very bright American scientists who came to work with me . Their names were , uh , um , Smith and Williams , I think . I never knew whether they were defectors from the West or not ... but they were truly instrumental in helping me perfect the time mechanism . What happened to them , Professor ? Oh , a dreadful accident . I regret to say they were killed . What 's the matter , General ? Biraki says that Tony and Doug were killed . In the capsule ? The capsule must 've been destroyed . - Biraki could be lying . - We haven 't even been able to get a firm time lock on them . We 've built up our power to 80 % of maximum . Ann , try to get a time lock on Biraki 's capsule . This is a most exciting moment for me . And I think it is for all science . Professor , if you 'll only give us the chance ... we can prove that this capsule cannot be moved into time . My calculations prove otherwise . The instrumentation in that capsule will lose operational control . You must operate this capsule , and you will . Biraki ! As I have said all along , incompetence paralyzes them . Why don 't you let me dispose of them ? I will get you two of our own people . At least in this , we 'll have a chance of survival . How much of a chance ? About a thousand-to-one . Are you game ? Yeah . - [ Doug ] All right , Professor . We 'll do it . - Ah , very good ! You have absolutely nothing to fear . It has been perfected . Now you remember the procedures ? - What 's our estimated time vector ? - Target : 20 years ago ... June 1 6 , 1 936 ... 22 hours , 30 minutes , 30 seconds , 30 microseconds solar time . Of course , you will not move in space . Twenty years ago here , was a beautiful green meadow with many , many wildflowers . That is what you will see on arrival . Go with all my hope . Go . [ Biraki ] A countdown of 90 seconds . Attention . ! [ Man ] Ninety , 89 , 88 ... - 87 , 86 , 85 ... - Time Tunnel . - 84 , 83 , 82 ... - Time Tunnel . Time Tunnel , if you can hear me ... - our countdown is toJune 1 6 , 1 936 ... - 81 , 80 , 7 9 ... - 22 hours , 30 seconds ... - 7 8 , 77 , 7 6 ... - 30 microseconds solar time . - 7 5 ... 7 4 , 73 , 72 - - Jerry ? - Yes , sir ? - Did you record the time target that Doug gave ? - It 's on the tape , Doctor . - Synchronize a parallel countdown . - 68 , 67 - - Parallel countdown synchronized . - Ann , do we have a time lock on the capsule ? - In 1 4 seconds . - 64 ... 63 , 62 - - Jerry ? - Yes , sir ? Increase the power of all retrieving units to maximum at zero , Biraki 's countdown . - Retrieving ? - If you 're hard of hearing , get off the control bank . Maximum power with intercept zero of Biraki 's countdown accomplished . 55 , 54 , 53 - - What 's going on ? - Time lock on capsule secured . - Thanks to Biraki 's countdown , for the first time ... - 5 1 ... - we have an exact solar time lock on Tony and Doug . - 50 , 49 - [ Countdown Continues ] - You mean you can bring them back ? - No reason why not . We have the power and the time lock . At zero of Biraki 's countdown , we retrieve . But at zero , Biraki will have sent the capsule back 20 years to 1 936 . No , Ann . The capsule technique won 't work . Doug and I proved that . - This time we 're bringing Tony and Doug back home . - 35 , 34 ... - 33 , 3 2 - - Don 't touch any of the controls . - Leave everything in dead neutral . - Right . 30 , 29 ... 28 , 27 . The countdown will now be automatic to zero . - History is being made . - We shall see . - Jerry ? - Sir ? - Check automatic retrieve switch . - [ Switch Clicks ] Automatic retrieve in on position . [ Whirring ] - Am I late ? I hurried . - Be quiet . [ Whirring Intensifies ] [ Explosions ] [ Explosions Continue ] Why isn 't the capsule here ? You didn 't bring it back . - I still have an exact time lock on it . - Jerry ? - I still have an exact time lock on it . - Jerry ? - Sir ? - Time curve reading . The capsule is atJune 1 6 , 1 956 ... 22 hours , 30 minutes , 30 seconds ... 29.9 to infinity microseconds . But not at 30 . It hasn 't moved at all . - It 's in limbo . - Why haven 't we brought it forward ? Because of the power exerted by Biraki 's Tunnel . Well , overpower it . Increase power . - Maximum retrieve power ! - I 'm at maximum . [ Rattling ] What 's wrong ? Increase power ! Drive the capsule deeper ! Increase power ! I 'm beginning to feel strange . - Cold ? - Yes . D-Did - Did Biraki 's time mechanism work ? No . I think - I think we 're in some kind of a time limbo . Sort of between time . Will our Time Tunnel be able to retrieve ? [ Breathing Heavily ] It all depends ... on whether they heard me ... and who 's stronger - Biraki or ... our Time Tunnel . We 're not retrieving them . Ann , throw in all reserve power . The capsule is not going into time ! Something has gone wrong . Increase power ! - Still nothing . - I will try to bring them back . Maximum power ! [ Shouts ] - We 're killing them ! - Let them go ! Reduce power ! [ Explosions ] What happened ? Are they dead ? That 's the question . Survival in limbo may be possible , but for how long ? What about the capsule ? I don 't know . Take them out . It 's not possible - not possible that my capsule should fail . My equations prove that it works ! I lost consciousness as soon as we were out of that Tunnel . And I felt like I was being torn apart . I wonder if the Time Tunnel tried to retrieve us . They didn 't have a chance . Biraki 's Tunnel never really sent us into time . We didn 't even reach zero in the countdown . Well , that proves that without a radiation bath ... this Tunnel isn 't operational . Biraki 's gonna take himself a little time to figure that out too . Well , at least he won 't be sending that capsule out again . [ Chuckles ] I wouldn 't be too sure about that . This place is bugged . What is this radiation bath they talk about ? - I don 't know . - [ Scoffs ] I should have cut your legs off five years ago . Here we have the possibility of gaining the greatest advance in scientific military weapons ... and you-you stumble , you fall ... you-you place yourself in the hands of foreigners ! You idiot ! Fool ! You scientist ! Congratulations , Professor . You got us back to the complex . Don 't laugh at me ! You know very well that the capsule was a failure ! - It reached no destination ! - We 're sorry , Professor . I want no pity from you ! What is the radiation bath ? You idiots - you and your country ! It was not easy for me to be kind to you , but I needed your cooperation in the capsule . Now you will get a taste of my real feeling ! I will perfect the time mechanism , and we will be the masters of the world ! You will tell me what you know ! There is no such thing as a radiation bath in the year 1 956 . That 's true . We were talking about a theory of ours for the future . You will tell me ! Let me know when they 're ready to speak ! Encourage them . Even then , when I was building the mechanism in my own country ... my greatest admiration was for the United States . But what could I do ? I was there . Perhaps you can help me make up for that . You do not already have a time mechanism , do you ? We 're asking questions , Professor , not answering them . [ Laughing ] Of course . Of course it 's a secret . But I 'm sure that your scientists have made few advances . After all , it was from them that we first learned about the radiation bath . [ Ringing ] Excuse me , Professor . Yes ? We 've got something definite for you . We just witnessed an attempt by Biraki to send out his time capsule . The attempt was a failure . We found out something else about him too . He hated this country with a passion in 1 956 ... and , until the contrary has proved , still hates it . As for being a scientist dedicated to the truth is concerned ... he specializes in research by torture . Thanks . Go ahead , Professor . You were telling us what you learned from the two Americans . Oh , only that your country was beginning to develop a radiation bath . Mine of course was completely developed , completely perfected . And now you 're willing to give us the benefit of your knowledge and experience ? I have already said so . I believe that if I could meet your time mechanism scientists ... we could together develop a weapon ... that would be far stronger than the one my country has . Thank you , Professor . It 's been very enlightening . Mr. McDonnell and I will prepare a report and get in touch with you as soon as possible . Good . I hope it doesn 't take too long . I 'm anxious to get back into work . Professor . I 'll call you at the hotel this evening . That was Kirk on the phone . Biraki 's playing a double game . He wants to get into our Time Tunnel Complex to learn what he can . Have Biraki followed . You 're not gonna try it again . Don 't you believe in objective proof when you see it ? I have made only one error : not enough power . And I have rectified that error . Dr. Biraki , no amount of power will be enough . Ah ? Then it is not a question of power . - Right . - What is it a question of ? A radiation bath of some kind ? Well , then we 'll have to try the capsule again . Last time you were lucky . This time you 'll kill us for sure . Open the capsule . What good will killing us do ? You were saying about the radiation baths ? - All right ! - Ah . You see how reasonable I 've made them ? We 'll need certain materials . To construct a radiation bath , anything - anything that you want . - How long will it take ? - Actually , your components are correct . It 's mainly a matter of rearrangement . See , I told you that my equations were basically correct . Tell me . Have your scientists come anywhere near sending a man into time ? Well , it doesn 't matter . How can you trust them ? Because when they complete it , they will be sent into time again ... and again they will choose to live . How much longer do we have to wait ? We promised it for today , Colonel . It 's ready . They have refused to explain the theory behind it to me ... but once it 's in operation , I will get from them everything that I wish . All calibrated and polarized ? - You may activate it anytime you 're ready . - We 're ready now . - You 're clear on how to operate these new controls ? - Of course . Professor , we want to thank you for giving us this opportunity to test our theory . A countdown of 1 0 will be enough . You will return if you have done your job properly . You may step into the capsule now . - Ten , 9 ... - [ Whirring ] 8 , 7 , 6 ... 5 , 4 , 3 ... 2 , 1 , 0 . ! - Colonel Hruda , they reversed the components ! - [ Alarm Blaring ] Guards ! Guards , seize them ! [ Explosion ] [ Alarm Continues ] [ Crashing ] Well , I 'd say Biraki exaggerated a little ... when he told General Parker his country has a Time Tunnel . Look . I will get even with them . That 's still his goal - to do to us what was done to him . Ray , see if we can find Tony and Doug again . - We 'll try another transfer . - Jerry ? Right . I get the picture . Thanks , General Kirk . We can settle it now . - Professor Biraki . - [ Clears Throat ] I have a feeling that you gentlemen have reached a decision . We have . Don 't bother to sit down , Biraki . You told me that your country 's time mechanism is a force for evil . I merely reported that one exists . It was destroyed in 1 956 . And the two American scientists aren 't dead . - Not dead ? - And ever sinceJune 1 6 , 1 956 ... you 've been trying to solve the problem you couldn 't make them solve for you . We 're placing you under arrest for attempted espionage . How ? How did they survive ? How did they get out ? [ Door Opening ] Lock your coordinates . What 's the time period ? I can 't tell anything from the way those men are dressed . I 'm trying for a reading . It 's holding steady . - 1 861 . Ann ? - Our readings match . The coordinates are shifting . I can 't get them to lock . Let me try , Ann . [ Laughing ] - Doug and Tony must be somewhere in that theater . - We just saw them in a barn . - [ Ann ] Why is that soldier on guard ? - [ Laughing ] [ Gunshot ] Lincoln . Are you the men Abner sent from Frederickville ? Uh , yes . He sent both of us . All right . I 'm Matthew Gebhardt . Of course you know my brother , Jeremiah , who was with John Brown at Harpers Ferry . We will kill Abraham Lincoln . [ Man ] You in there . ! Come out with your hands above your heads . ! [ Gunshots ] - Quick ! Got a way out ! Come on ! Follow me ! - [ Gunshot ]
