 Thank you , General . And so , this mountain fortress , home of the European Allied Command , has become the focal point for the hopes of the entire world . The five heads of state and their staffs have now all gathered here , the President of the United States having deplaned just a few moments ago . For it is here , almost directly below where I 'm speaking , that the conference host , Premier Thor Halvorsen , will demonstrate at 3 : 00 this afternoon the anxiously awaited AR-5 , anti-radiation pollutant , that Premier Halvorsen claims will reduce the present dangerously high level of radioactivity ( helicopter whirring ) by a significant degree . Since last night , the famous names and faces have been arriving here , having been ferried up by helicopter from the Capitol . ( speaking French ) NARRATOR : A summit conference in a mountain stronghold 18 miles from the Baltic Sea . There are two who do not share the high optimism of the other arrivals here- - David Vincent and his ally and friend , Michael Tressider , who step off a helicopter and into a moment of history . They share the grim knowledge that this conference was initiated and is being controlled by alien invaders . Michaelson , Continental Press , Mr. Tressider . I wonder if you could tell us if your company has already contracted for the United States manufacture of AR-5 ? I 'm sorry , I cannot discuss that at this time . Does that mean that you feel it 's premature , that is , before the demonstration ? It means that I cannot discuss that at this time . Ellie ... Not now. not here . What 's the matter ? We can 't be seen together . My room , D-12 , half hour ? Mm-hmm . They 've made contact- - Tressider , Vincent and Ellie Markham . NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now , David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they 've taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : William Windom . Eduard Franz . With special guest star Michael Rennie and Diana Hyland as Ellie Markham . ( helicopter approaching ) Thank you . What is Ellie Markham doing here ? She said she was going to have herself reassigned to the secretarial pool for the general staff . I guess she did . She wants to talk to us . I 'm afraid you trust her a lot more than I do . ( doorbell buzzing ) ( door closing ) Mr. Tressider ? That is correct , sir . May I introduce my associate , Mr. David Vincent ? Sir . You are both welcome here . I wondered , sir , if we might speak with you ... alone . Chancellor Alquist is part of our official family , Mr. Tressider . ( clears throat ) I understand that , sir , but , uh ... And if you wish to tell me that Chancellor Alquist is a representative of an extraterrestrial body , then let me assure you , I 'm already aware of the fact . You are ? For some time now , and I wish to tell you how aggrieved I was to learn what transpired between you two in Washington . " Transpired " ? Did you know that on his orders , I was tortured and practically killed ? Mr. Alquist reported that he interrogated you at length and that minimal force was used only when you became actively uncooperative . ( clearing throat ) If I may say so , sir , that is a gross distortion of the facts . Sir , the man 's a murderer . That 's rather extreme language , Mr. Vincent . Not extreme enough , I 'm afraid . I 'm afraid you both are too involved . Or perhaps not involved enough . Who knows ? But what I am trying to do is preserve the very life of this planet , as Mr. Alquist is trying to preserve the life of his . Now , it may be possible although I can scarcely believe it that in his zeal , Mr. Alquist could forget the , uh , value of a single life , the importance of the fallen sparrow . ( dry chuckle ) However , you must remember that there are billions of lives hanging in the balance . Billions , Mr. Tressider . Is it not possible , sir , that you are merely being ... Well ... Being used , Mr. Tressider ? We believe that Alquist and his people are determined to take over this planet . I 'm afraid I cannot believe that . Then why are their methods so ... so devious ? Why don 't they simply bring this substance , this AR-5 , directly to the United Nations ? You 're being naive , Mr. Tressider . You know as well as I do that should this world of yours discover it 's playing host to , uh- - what is the term you used , " visitors from outer space " ? - - the result would be panic , chaos . Any proposal of ours would be met by universal suspicion and hostility . No , we had to find someone to do it for us , someone who is above suspicion . So , we came to Premier Halvorsen . So , as you can see , I am being used ... but for a good cause and with my full consent . AlQUIST : Premier Halvorsen , we felt , would grant us a hearing without prejudging and without fear . His long history of dedication to the cause of peace warranted our making that assumption . Sir , we 've been informed that this ... this conference has been arranged as a smoke screen , a camouflage . To conceal what , Mr. Vincent ? The assassination of every world leader attending this conference . That 's quite an accusation , Mr. Vincent . Rather melodramatic , don 't you think ? That 's the information we have . Thank you , Mr. Vincent . Of course we 'll take it under advisement . Now , if you 'll forgive me , I must prepare myself for the meeting with your president . HALVORSEN : If you 'll excuse me . And ... I want you to know your concern is appreciated . ( door closing ) We 'd better get in touch with American Security right away . Well , you know how they 'll react . Anyway , we have to meet Ellie . I don 't get you at all . We both know how they operate , we both know exactly what they 're after , and we 've both been too close to getting killed to trust any of them . I know that . Well , then , why start now ? Because she saved your life . I don 't know that . She took me to that factory . She might 've been trying to get you killed . At least listen to what she has to say . All right , I 'll listen , but I 'm not making any promises . All right . What I really want to do is check the timetable against my notes . I 'm sure it 'll be all right . Just a minute . I 'll see if it 's here . It 's Markham . She wants to come here and have a look at the schedule . Well , I think we should let her . ( doorbell buzzing ) Oh , good . I 'll be up in a few minutes . Thank you . How 'd your meeting with Halvorsen go ? Alquist has him all wrapped up . Well , I think I have a way of unwrapping him , but first , there are a few things you have to know . First , I want to know why you 're working against your own people . You didn 't tell him ? TRESSIDER : He did . I 'd like to hear it from you . I simply think the assassination plan is a mistake . Alquist and the others feel that as soon as it 's over , they can move into power . But you don 't ? No . I think it 's going to backfire . It will alert your people to our presence here and unite the warring factions on Earth into one single unit , which will destroy us . Do I make myself clear ? I understand what you say ... But you don 't trust me . You said there was something we should know . Yes . The warhead of that missile they 're testing does not contain anti - radiation pollutant . Its payload is a deadly gas- - enough to wipe out every speck of life within a radius of ten miles , or almost . " Almost " ? Whatever its toxic element is , it won 't effect our people . Well , Halvorsen saw the AR-5 demonstration . There is AR-5 , but it 's only effective at relatively low levels of radioactivity . In case of a severe attack , it 's useless . There is severe radiation . Now , I thought you people ... Wanted to take over a clean planet ? We do . But the current radioactivity , as you call it , is our doing . Took us over a year to create this threat . We have less than an hour to knock it down . Then we 'd better move fast . If we can get to Halvorsen with the timetable , he 'll cancel the launch . What timetable ? Alquist has a schedule . He was reading from it yesterday at a briefing . I 'm sure it 's in his handwriting . Well , what exactly is it ? Every last detail of the plan . I just spoke to Alquist 's aide and told him I 'd be up to look at it . He said it would be in the top drawer of the desk . Rather careless , don 't you think ? Well , whatever , there is a guard . I just spoke with him . One guard ? As far as I know . Well , it 's worth a try . I don 't know . You still think I 'm lying ? You could be . Then I 'll go myself . You can stay here if you want to . I 'm going . What room is Alquist in ? D-2 . It 's just down the corridor . We 'd better get started . MAN : May I help ? Don 't move . Please . I hope you 're satisfied . Of what ? That your friend sets a pretty efficient trap . You mean Ellie ? Not only is the timetable gone , if there ever was one , but two of their thugs are waiting there for us . They could have been waiting for her . All right , then , where is she ? I don 't know , but I don 't think it was a trap . I 'm going to ask the American Security office to get our mission out of here . Are you coming with me ? No . I 'm going to look for Ellie . And with any luck I 'll find that timetable . You 're not only wasting time , it 's dangerous , too . If we 're going to be dead in an hour , what does it matter how we go ? ( knocking ) Who is it ? David . Want to explain ? There 's nothing to explain . I 'm just glad you made it . Michael thinks you set us up . What do you think ? Where did you go ? David , I didn 't know they were going to set a trap . There was nothing I could do . I ran . There had to be one of us left . You don 't believe me , do you ? Does it matter ? Well , it matters if we have any hope of stopping the launch . There was nothing in that desk . Well , then , Alquist has it with him . C-1 , please . Halvorsen 's suite . Hello . Yes , this is the desk . Um , could you tell me if Mr. Alquist is there , please ? Oh , I see . Uh , no , thank you . I 'll catch him there . Thank you very much . He 's at the press lounge holding a news conference . Now what ? We improvise . ( door slamming ) I know exactly how it sounds . That 's why I didn 't bring it to you before . You really expect me to go to the President and tell him there are some sort of space creatures that are trying to kill him ? Tell him anything you want . Just get him out of here . I 'll take the full responsibility . But the responsibility is mine . And you intend to die with it , right ? Mr. Tressider ... I 'm familiar with your reputation but isn 't it possible that ... that somehow you 've imagined all this ? You think I 'm losing my mind . No , I don 't mean that exactly . I think you do . I 'm sorry , Mr. Tressider . There 's nothing I can do . Yes , there is , but you would rather risk the life of every member of the American mission here than take a chance on making a mistake even in good faith . That 's not true . If I felt there was ... All right , forget it . Unfortunately , you won 't live long enough to realize the mistake you 're really making . ( door slamming ) Our warhead today contains an equal amount of AR-5 and we trust the results will be substantially the same . REPORTER 1 : Is there any potential danger in the AR-5 itself ? ALQUIST : None , sir . REPORTER 2 : Can you tell us , how long would it take before there 'll be any change in the radiation level ? ALQUIST : Well , the instruments should begin to record a change within ten to 15 minutes after the AR-5 is infused into the atmosphere . REPORTER 3 : As we understand it , sir , you 're using one of your usual land-to-air missiles for this test . Is that correct ? ALQUIST : That is correct . As you know , this is one of our regular missile bases . And let me add that every nation utilizing AR-5 will be able to adapt its existing missiles for this purpose . Let me show you what I mean . ALQUIST : As you can see , the AR-5 in liquid form is contained in this pressurized warhead . And although we 're only using five liters of AR-5 today , almost any existing ground-to-air missile could contain ten times that amount and therefore be that much more effective . Now , gentlemen , it 's exactly 40 minutes till launch time ... ( door closes ) So , if you have no further questions , I must attend to final preparations . One more question , sir . No more questions , no . One more . Excuse me . No more questions . They 're on their way down to Halvorsen . Around the back way . Those are yours , too , aren 't they ? Now what ? We have to get to a phone- - Call Michael Tressider . I 'm sure he 'll believe you now . It 's not too late ? Come on . Sir ? It 's half an hour to launch , sir . How do you feel ? Oh , the dream of a lifetime . Half an hour shouldn 't seem too long , but ... of course it is . Thank you . I feel well . And immodestly proud and very , very grateful . And you , Per ? Are you satisfied ? Completely , as long as the heads of state agree to the full terms of the bargain . Well , these men are realists , not stupid men . If you tell them they must lay down their arms forever , surrender their right to blow each other to bits , they 'll pay the price for your chemical . They need it . They understand they have no choice . Hmm . Men at peace . Well , is everything ready ? Yes , sir . I think we should start down at the observation room . Good . I 've ordered guards to accompany you , sir . David Vincent approached me again . I 'm afraid he 's irrational enough to try to get to you . We men with missions are fanatics , aren 't we ? Very well ... if you think he 's a menace . If you were one of us , David , do you know what you 'd be feeling now ? Nothing . Wouldn 't that be better ? I can 't imagine anything worse . Why ? Look at Alquist- - he 's not in a panic , and you are . He doesn 't hate you . You hate him . Who 's better off ? I happen to be involved in something I care about . Do you understand that ? He 's going to win eventually . Yes . Please page Michael Tressider . Have him call David Vincent in D-12 . Thank you . Must be a million laughs back home , huh ? All those warm , emotional people ? One big , happy planet . You 're so used to emotion , you wouldn 't know what to do without it . Shall I tell you ? Would you like to learn ? No , I wouldn 't . I 'm sorry for you . You love , but you also hate . You 're happy , but you 're miserable . You love peace , but you make war . You despise us . I 'm sorry , David . Your way is no better . How would you know ? You never feel anything . You 've never felt love . No . And I 've never hated . Wouldn 't that be better ? To have never loved , but never hated ? ( phone ringing ) Yes ? I was tied up with the wire service boys . What 's happening ? I have the timetable . You sure ? I haven 't read the whole thing , but it 's all here- - every detail on how they 're going to take over when they polish us off here . Bring it to me . I 'll get it to Halvorsen . Well , Alquist knows I have the timetable . Halvorsen is under guard . I 'll meet you on the , uh , E-level in the lobby . Right . Be sure you 're not followed because they may have someone on you , too . There is someone . He 's been breathing down my neck for the past hour . Well , lose him , and hurry . Right . I must ask you to come with us . For what reason ? The gentleman you 've been following says you 've been making threats against the experiment . Oh , no thanks , Jim . I 've got an errand to run . Why don 't you grab yourself a sandwich ? Yes , sir . Thank you . VOICE : As explained earlier , the radiation gauges in front of you show the current radio activity factor at ground level up to 50,000 feet . 15 minutes to countdown . 25 minutes to launch . The delegations from the five great powers are now arriving on the scene and are taking their places in the observation room . Alquist . What is it ? Tressider left B-level a few minutes ago . He met Vincent and Markham in the lobby and went to room E-44 . You there now ? Yes , sir . Just outside . Vincent stole a document from me . I want you to get it back . Yes , sir . I want you to liquidate all three of them . Can you handle that ? Yes , sir . Do so . If this is not a forgery , it 's exactly what we need . I took it out of the case myself . You trust me , don 't you ? Okay , okay , I apologize . To you , too , I 'm sorry . It 's not important . The important thing is , we get this to Halvorsen right away . Look , I might have the best chance of getting through . Some of them may not know about me yet . No , no , she doesn 't go at all . Why not ? There 's going to be killing . They 'll be her people . She 'll be all right . Why not let her decide that ? It could come down to quite a choice . Either you or me or one of them . All right , you sure you want to go ? ( door opens ) I 'm afraid none of you are going . Please keep your hands away from your sides . I understand you have a document belonging to Mr. Alquist . You will please hand it over . Slowly . Get down ! All right ! We 're giving up ! Do you trust her now ? Of course . How many of you are here ? There were ten of us . Alquist thought it would be difficult to assimilate more . All right . There 's you , Alquist , the four we saw outside of Halvorsen 's office- - that 's six . And the one we eliminated in Alquist 's room . Right , and this one here- - that 's eight . Who are the others ? One is Alquist 's aide . Who else ? I don 't know . I just know that there were ten . Why wouldn 't you know ? Because Alquist thought it would be better if we didn 't all know about each other . I didn 't even know that one . All right , then counting Alquist , we 've got seven of them to go through . Yeah , including one we don 't even know . How much time ? 15 minutes . Well , then , we 'd better get started , hadn 't we , huh ? ( dialing ) Premier Halvorsen , please ? Been gone too long- - failed . Is Halvorsen still in the observation room ? We have two men watching him every minute- - one screening his calls . They 're going to try to get through to him . They don 't have much time . Neither do we . Tressider just phoned for Halvorsen . I told him I 'd relay the message . What was it ? He wants him to delay the launch until he talks to him . He said to tell Halvorsen he has proof the launch will result in disaster . Well , we 'll watch Halvorsen . You and the others intercept Tressider . I 'm sure he 's on his way , so see that he 's permanently delayed . No , I 'm not going to let you do it . It 's already done . But you know your message didn 't get through to Halvorsen . But you will- - just show him the timetable . You set yourself up like a sitting duck . When that sergeant doesn 't report back , they 'll be looking for me . Now this phone call just gave them a little more reason . You 'll never make it . Sure I will . I 'll leave , you wait a few minutes , then you follow me there . Mike , let me go first . I have a better chance of making it . Not after that phone call . They 'll be looking for me . That 's right . Who knows , I may fool all of you . Mike . The countdown starts in ten minutes . If Tressider ever gets to Halvorsen ... They may have already stopped him . All right , you get inside and watch Halvorsen . ( door opens ) I 'll wait here for them . I wouldn 't worry . I would . Sorry . The document , please ? ( man groaning ) Shh , listen . ( groaning continues ) ( groaning ) Mike . ( groaning ) We 'll get you a doctor . There 's no ... There 's no time . No use . Is there anything we can do ? Just get ... get to Halvorsen . Don 't worry . Call Vanders ... Tell him he ... Mike ? Colonel Vanders , American Security . Six minutes to countdown . Come on , be there . VOICE : A ten-minute countdown will begin in approximately two minutes . It is expected that within ten or 15 minutes after the missile is launched , a sharp drop in radiation will be recorded on these instruments . The missile itself is very much like those used for military purposes in all of your countries . The major difference here , there is no warhead . It 's been replaced with a capsule of anti-radiation pollutant , AR-5 . At a height of approximately nine miles , the AR-5 will be released into the atmosphere . From that height , it will disperse to cover a ground area of approximately 110 miles . The countdown will begin in one minute . Last reports from the silo indicate that all is in readiness . All systems operating perfectly . Here they come . Well , exactly what is this all about , Mr. Vincent ? Sir , I have evidence supporting everything Mr. Tressider and I have been telling you all along . Alquist has been lying to you . He plans to kill every human being in this area . That 's impossible . Please look at this . This paper could be fraudulent . That 's Alquist 's handwriting . It appears so , but it could also be a clever forgery manufactured by you and Mr. Tressider . Tressider is dead . Alquist had him murdered . ALQUIST : Excuse me , Your Excellency . Let him go . I told you this young man has become quite irrational . It would be better for him if he were placed under protective custody . This young man claims that you had Tressider murdered . That 's nonsense , sir . I saw Mr. Tressider a few moments ago . As a matter of fact , I think he 's still outside . If you will come with me , sir . Then it 's all been a lie ? All of it ? I think the word is " tactics . " The countdown must be stopped . There 's no use . We programmed the launch . I 'm the only one who can stop it . Then you will do so immediately . Of course I won 't . I 'm afraid your rescue has come too late . I 'll stop it myself . That 's impossible . Mr. Halvorsen ... ( lock clicks ) Straight through here , Mr. Vincent . I 'm sorry . If I 'd listened , your friend would still be alive . ( gunshot ) Get down ! Control , Premier Halvorsen . ( bullet casings clatter ) Do you know who I am ? TECHNICIAN : Yes , sir . I 'm ordering you to stop this launch . Well , I can 't , sir . Once the system interlocks , the controls are automatic . Then ... deactivate the missile itself . ( sighing ) Yes , sir . ( flipping switches ) Something 's wrong . It won 't respond . It ... won 't respond . Let me in , please . ( buzzer sounds ) Sorry , sir , but it just won 't respond . What have you done , sir ? That 's the emergency launch . Get out . I 've just pressed the emergency launch button . In one minute and ten seconds , an instant after that missile tries to leave its silo ... I 'll press the destruct button . You 'll destroy the entire area . There must be some other way . Can 't you change the course ? You 'd better all leave . ( sustained buzzer sounding ) Mr. Vincent , you have 60 seconds ... starting ... now . ( starter chugging ) ( engine starts ) ( sustained buzzer sounding ) ( tires squeal ) ( explosions rumbling ) ( explosions subside ) ( coughing ) There 's no more danger , is there ? Buried everything . Everything . He was a good man . All we know for certain is that both Premier Halvorsen and Chancellor Alquist perished in the tremendous explosion . But perhaps the primary victims of this great tragedy will be all of us . For without the benefits of the promised AR-5 , the world still faces eventual extinction from radiation poisoning . Scientists here say that due to the secrecy surrounding the experiment , the only complete formula for AR-5 was in the hands of Mr. Alquist and is buried along with him . The unexplained death of Mr. Michael Tressider remains a mystery . Authorities here have been unable to find any clues as to the identity of his assailant or assailants . What are your people going to do about the radioactivity ? We stopped manufacturing it already . A poisoned world is of no value to us . You know that . What 'll you do ? Return . We 've been allies for a while , David , but not friends , unfortunately . So , I suggest you don 't count on me next time . I didn 't count on you this time . How do you mean ? If you 'd made a wrong move , anywhere along the way , I would have killed you . Then we understand each other very well . ( helicopter engines whining ) Good-bye , Mr. Vincent . Miss Markham . NARRATOR : It is over . A great man 's dream lies buried beneath a mountain . The leaders of nations return to their homes and David Vincent returns to his continuing war to rid the world of the invader . That is his dream , and he will not see it buried .
