 * * A chance ... a fighting chance . Come on . There 'll be a couple of others there . I can 't help it . That 's the way he runs his shop . He 's a little dynamo with a napoleonic complex . It 's a calculated risk . David Vincent , June Murray . June is Mr. Mace 's executive secretary and about the brightest thing they 've invented since Jackie . Also a bomb-stopper as you can see . Let 's not the oil up above the knee , shall we ? Mace 's right hand , left hand , also memory lobe . Hello , Mr. Vincent . How do you do ? I somehow had the idea you 'd look a little wilder . ( intercom buzzes ) Yes ? Yes , I 'll wait . Yes ? I 'll have to put you on hold . Will you have him standing by ? Right . ( hangs up phone ) We 'd better go now . Nivin 's there already . John , uh , this is David Vincent . John Nivin , science editor . DAVID : Hello . Hi . David . Vincent ? Yes , sir . My nephew . Jeremy Mace . How are you ? Sit down , gentlemen . We are a news-gathering organization , Mr. Vincent , as perhaps you 've heard-- - the greatest news-gathering organization in the history of the publishing world and yet , in spite of all our so-called expertise we can 't discover what is happening within our own organization . But you and our gifted Mr. Ferrara ... you can tell us . We think so . You two have the answer , no matter how fantastic . You can say definitely why our key executives continue to leave without reason . Your theory gets a little slippery right around in there , Mr. Vincent . Jeremy . Sorry about that . And you can tell us who these people are who are pressuring to buy control of the company . In other words , inspired by some otherworld wisdom you can tell us what the devil 's going on . Yes , sir . Humility as a virtue is not yours , Mr. Vincent . Well , Mr. Mace , we , uh , happen to have our own expertise . Just who are " we , " Mr. Vincent ? There are seven of us right now . Are you in this group ? Yes , sir . Are there any crack-brains in with you ? No , sir . You know Edgar Scoville . Bob , come on you can 't possibly tell me you believe this stuff ? Alien beings here on earth ? Come on . I believe it . I know it . Wouldn 't things look a little better after some black coffee , Robert ? Either there are aliens here or a man whose mind you 've respected until now has gone off his rocker and you 're badly in need of a new associate editor . I see . That 's your hook . That 's my hook , and the fact that you 're a curious man . Am I ? Yes , you are . There was nothing like a modern news magazine before you came along . You invented it . You put it together because you have an insatiable thirst for facts . From the moment a reliable man like Mr. Ferrara handed you my summary and you read it , you were hooked . There 's nothing you can do about it now . You want to know ; you 've got to know . Vincent , no one 's talked to me like this . I 'm sorry , but just how far do you think I 'd get with you if I used the gentle approach ? Do you realize what this means to us ? You know what we 'd do to get your backing ? Did you call Edgar Scoville ? He 's on hold , Mr. Mace . Would you put him on , please ? Edgar , your friend Vincent is rude , hostile , boorish and arrogant , but I 'm going ahead . NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) it began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they have taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : Linden Chiles , Nancy Kovak , Kent Smith , Martin Wolfson . NARRATOR : William Mace made the most important decision of his life and hours later , members of an enemy force began to assemble at an office building in downtown New York- - executives of an alien task force , summoned to an urgent summit meeting , another calculated step in their planned annihilation of our civilization . I will report to the executive committee . Proceed . Steps one through four of infiltration on the executive level of the Mace Publishing Company have now been achieved . The two remaining targets are presently being exploited . With regard to William Mace himself- - it may be necessary to make an adjustment . His nephew , his heir , however , is eminently suitable for our purpose , fortunately , for circumstances have changed radically in the past few hours . There is a group of men aware of our presence . They have convinced Mace , and have gained the promise of his support which means the entire resources of Mace Publishing . It is my recommendation that Mace be immediately destroyed and we pursue the alternate plan . Agreed . I want it set up exactly as if we were under a number-four alert from washington . I 'll see all reports personally with carbons to Edgar Scoville here . Our staff members are to believe we are working with the Pentagon seeking confirmation that enemy forces are attempting to penetrate the defenses of this country . I think it 's best to keep it general , Bill . If word gets out that you think there are aliens here before we have the proof either the people will panic or you 're going to get laughed at . I 'm not in this business to scare people and certainly not to be laughed at . All right , say that we 're investigating another country which is using the cover of men-from-space scare- - a scare , nothing more- - which we are trying to suppress . I think that should assure us of secrecy as well as eliminate any tendency towards panic of sensationalism . Emmett , you have carte blanche . Use whoever and whatever you need . Don 't hang up on expense . The slightest suspicious circumstance anywhere in the country is to be minutely investigated . Clear ? With evaluation to be made by Ferrara and Vincent and Scoville here . Well , I 'd like to hear my editor-in-chief 's invaluable opinion . Emmett ? Well , Mr. Mace , working with you I expect to be continually astonished and I am never disappointed . But I 'll tell you this . If there is some such thing as an alien in this country , we 'll find him . Jeremy ? Ah , yes , let me see . My assignment is Eric Lund , who is guilty of trying to buy an interest in this magazine . Got it . I think that 's all . EDGAR : Bill . You understand , don 't you ? You 're putting your life in danger . I 've weathered quite a few risks in my time . I know you have . Vincent , I may not believe but you will get my full cooperation ... for the duration . Is there anything else , Mr. Mace ? No , thank you . What was it , a six-martini lunch ? Does it matter ? Does it really , really matter ? Well , I can 't say it adds to your attractiveness and he hates it , you know . What 's the matter ? Three weeks ago , we really started something big . It seems like three months , three years ... That bad ? What happened ? We both have busy jobs , Jerry ... Not your ambition again ? Partly . " Partly . " And partly my what ? Or my lack of what ? Now , come on , June . Don 't be afraid to tear the wings off the butterfly . I can take that . Well , it 's just ... a little thing . That weekend , three weeks ago ... That was a perfect weekend . But your uncle asked you to go to San Francisco . Jerry , a centerfold somebody was paying $ 100,000 for wasn 't ready . And ... you didn 't go . Of course I didn 't . I had that weekend in Puerto Rico all set up just for you and me . That 's not the point , Jerry . Well , what is the point ? Emmett Morgen took care of it . He went to San Francisco , the company got its $ 100,000 and we had a marvelous weekend . Marvelous . Marvelous . So what do you want me to do , stand you up ? Jerry , you 're a dear , sweet , lovely boy and I have to work at not falling in love with you . I am not a boy . Boys take girls to Puerto Rico for weekends . Men do their work . Oh , dear . You know , June , ambition is a wonderful thing- - it really is- - and it 's great being a superwoman ... as long as the important word is woman . Am I making myself clear ? Perfectly . Good . You are speaking of the glories of sweet surrender . You 've got it ... right . ( dialing ) Murph ? Yeah . This is Jeremy . Listen , Murph ... uh , I was wondering if you 're going to be using the studio this evening . Mm-hmm ... Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . About 10 : 00 . Yeah , good . Good , good boy . Jerry ... I 'm not at all sure I ... want to see you tonight at Murph 's or ... or anywhere else , because , well ... ( intercom buzzes ) Mmm ... ( buzzing ) JEREMY : Yes , sir ? Jeremy ... will you come in for a moment ? Well , I ... It 's important . Very . Alone , please . Okay . SECRETARY : Yes , sir ? My nephew will be along in a moment . We 'll leave shortly . Meanwhile , I don 't want to be disturbed ... for any reason . Yes , sir . ( whistling ) Hey , what is this ? John , what are you doing ? Gentlemen ... we 've put you back in control of yourselves because there 's something we 'd like you to see . You 're responsible for this . Then it 's true- - all of it . Well , you did believe David Vincent , didn 't you ? Well , why did you back him ? You know , I sometimes find it difficult to follow human reasoning . The , uh , " illogical logic " I think was once your phrase , no ? Hello , Jerry . Eric , please , what is going on here ? Please ? Whatever it is , we 're leaving . Mr. Mace ... now , if you 'll go with these two guards , Mr. Mace . No matter what you do , my people won 't stop . Now , Jeremy , be quiet . Our mission is to take over the news media of your country . The first step will be to gain control of Now magazine . So you can understand why you are so important to us . I think you 're mad ... I think you 're mad . I think this is a charade . Very well . You 've chosen . Watch this wall over here . No . Stop ! No ! Stop ! Please ! Stop it ! For the love of God , please ! Stop ! For God 's sake , stop ! Please ! Please ! Stop ! Stop ! Please ! He was not a weak man , Jerry . Don 't hope . Don 't bring more horror to yourself . The slightest threat to us , either from your magazine or from you would mean the execution of the people closest to you . The next one will be June . Come on , Jerry . He was an unlikely man to have a heart attack . Look , Mr. Vincent , no matter how much of a coincidence all this may seem to you , there is no other story . He had a heart attack , he lost control of the car and I couldn 't grab the wheel in time . There were no otherworldly creatures lurking about . This is as safe a place as we 'll ever be , Jerry . Bob , the story is exactly the way I told it to them . DAVID : Did they threaten you ? Did who threaten me ? Tell us what happened . I saw my uncle die of a heart attack- - that 's what happened . And I had a nightmare of a ride , and I 'm ... I 'm facing a responsibility that ... a responsibility for the company that I do not want and I cannot for the life of me see how I 'm going to chuck it , and would you please just get off my back ? During this ... transition period we 're very fortunate to ... to be able to turn to Mr. Lund whose syndicate is making a substantial investment in Mace Publications . As their spokesman , Mr. Lund will actively participate in the management of the company , and he will function as my executive assistant . In that capacity his voice will be ... will be considered the same as my voice . Mr. Eric Lund . Gentlemen ... Miss Murray . I know it is difficult for people in a closely knit organization to suddenly have an outsider thrust upon them . It , uh , is entirely human in such a circumstance to harbor a certain hostility toward the newcomer . Nevertheless , I should like to speak a word of caution . We are attempting to overcome a very real tragedy . We will have difficult days ahead , and neither Mr. Jeremy Mace nor myself can accept such an attitude as an excuse for anything less than complete and total cooperation with the new management . One of Mr. William Mace 's most distinctive characteristics was the fact that he pretty much ran a one-man shop . In the matter of policy , he tolerated no one 's opinion other than his own- - his view of the news , his position with regard to the events of the day with a view and position of the magazines . I think you should know from the outset that Mr. Jeremy Mace intends to pursue this exact policy . Mr. Lund ? Yes , Mr. Morgen ? Mr. Mace was one thing . This new management you speak of is something else again . The dictatorship of personal policies ... Yes , Mr. Morgen ? Without considering Mr. Jeremy Mace for the moment ... what are you qualifications for the job ? I rather think this is just what I was cautioning you about . It 's a legitimate question if we 're ... it is hostile , it is resentful , it is divisive . Whatever it is , I think it should be answered . You are making a serious protest , then , Mr. Morgen ? If you like . I assume you are offering your resignation , Mr. Morgen ? If you like . It is accepted , Mr. Morgen , with our deepest regret . Emmett ! You have our deepest regrets . If you 'll excuse us , Mr. Morgen , while we get on with the business of the meeting ? Just like that , huh ? How long was he with Mace ? 31 years ... from the beginning . They don 't make them like Emmett . Tell him he has a job with me . Name his own title , salary , starting date . He 's a proud guy . He still thinks that we 're the three witches from Macbeth . He was fired , Mace was murdered , and Jeremy sold out . The message must be getting through . Poor Jerry , the poor scared rabbit . How do we reach him ? They have him in a vise , obviously . The trouble is , we don 't know what kind . Does he have family ? No . Mace was it . Sorry to have to cut out on you now but if I don 't get back to Syracuse , my whole business comes down around my ears . I 'll stay in touch . You have to get to Jeremy . Somebody must have a hold on him . June Murray . Make one for me ... light of my life . You 're going to collect quite a few more . Resignations ? Mm-hmm . My own will come as a crocheted motto- - look perfectly darling over your bed . No more loving heart , June ? Each morn when you awake it will congratulate you on your escape . Escape from what ? From the tedium of being a man . Oh , June , please . Some day ... I 'm going to surprise you , June . Mmm , I 'd like that . Some day , that is ... if you 'd bring me the tail of the dragon . What a day that would be . What a night . What a celebration . I just ... I just ... want you to know one thing . I love Emmett Morgen . The first day that I ever came to work in this organization when everybody was falling all over themselves to kiss the nephew 's hand and lick the nephew 's boots he sent me out for coffee . You fired him , Jerry . He sent me out for coffee and I brought it back with cream but he wanted it black and so he sent me out again and then he turned me over to a 19-year-old kid and told me to keep my mouth shut until I learned to run copy . He taught me how to proofread . He taught me to set up an advertisement even taught me to cut a clean stencil so I wouldn 't have a heart attack if my secretary was out to lunch . He taught me everything I know and I had to be sharp . You fired him , Jerry . Do you think that I wanted to do that ? I had to do that . Why ? Please . Please be at Murphy 's tonight at 10 : 00 . Sorry , light of my life . I forgot the address . June , don 't be frightened . Get in , please . We 're sorry , we didn 't want them to see us with you . Oh , your battle with that malevolent planet . We need your help . Oh , I 'm sorry . You know , I see them all as stars . I wish on them . They twinkle back and that 's been my relationship for years . Jeremy Mace is in trouble . Jeremy Mace has been in trouble since the day he was born . I 'm tired and I think you 're both slightly mad and I don 't feel like playing Alice in Wonderland . June ... the guy you 're in love with is in trouble and we need your help . Are you being masterful , Bob ? If I have to be . Well , I 'll let you in on a secret . I am an alp a glacial alp with no time for love and office gossip to the contrary certainly not in love with Jeremy . When you hurt , you really ache , don 't you ? Now , he 's walking a thin line . He won 't make it by himself . How is he in trouble ? Look , you don 't have to believe us about the aliens if you don 't want to , but think- - why would he let Emmett Morgen be fired ? Was he simply indifferent ? You know better than that . June , Jerry was with Mace when he was killed- - uh , when Mace was murdered , as we 're sure he was . They took Jerry at the same time and they worked on him . And when they brought him back he must have been pretty badly bent . He 's obviously acting under their orders . We 've got to break him loose . This is June . Is he there ? Jerry ? June , I ... I can 't talk . I 'm ... I 'm busy . Jerry , I 'm scared . Bob and this Vincent have been telling me things . Can 't we talk tomorrow ? Not tomorrow , tonight . At Murph 's ? Murph 's a freelance magazine photographer who will rise to the top of his profession . He has this offbeat studio in the village and every night he lets Jeremy use it he takes another giant step . I hope Jerry comes alone . You know , it 's heads I lose ... tails I lose . Either he fired Emmett Morgen for no good reason or there 's a reason I 'm going to find hard to live with . ( gunshots ) How could it happen like that ? And Nivin ... how could he ... ? Uh ... Bob ? Uh ... David . David ! ( ringing ) Hello . June , they say he 's gone to Eric Lund 's camp at Lake Sherwood . Oh , who did you talk to ? Jeremy 's housekeeper . He 'll be at the camp- - some sort of a fishing lodge- - for the weekend ... possibly longer . Thanks . Thanks , Emmett . June ... are you in trouble ? No , Emmett . Bob Ferrara hasn 't been filling you full of that junk , has he ? Oh , no , Emmett . No . Personal . Something personal . Thanks . I ... now , I didn 't call you , you understand ? Sure , kid . They 're keeping him on ice . While they look for us ? How big a net do they have ? David ... David , I 'm scared . Well , I 'm not taking you up there if that 's what you 're thinking . But I 'm the only way to get through to him , am I not ? * * ( horse neighs ) * * * * ( helicopter propeller whirring ) June , what are you doing here ? You 're crazy . Jerry , stop it . They might have seen us . There 's a helicopter coming in . They killed Bob Ferrara . What ? At Murph 's . Call Bellevue Emergency if you like . June ... you can 't have any understanding of what they 're like . You 've got to get her out of here . That 's not enough . There 's no place she can go . She can go to the FBI . If she did , you wouldn 't last a minute . Now , we have chance to stop them but we need your help . It 's not my responsibility . If you saw somebody ready to drop a bomb you 'd do something about it , wouldn 't you ? You cannot conceive of what these creatures are like . The hero stuff doesn 't cut it , bel ... I 'm sorry . Maybe we could make a deal with them . You can 't make deals with them . They 've made the game and the rules . We 're the enemy . They 're going to kill us all . ( helicopter approaching ) Everything all right ? If you go out there , do you think you can get the guard 's gun ? I don 't know . Could you ? It 'd be like bringing home the tail of the dragon , wouldn 't it ? It 's possible , just barely possible . All right . Then , you can take Lund hostage . We 'll use their helicopter and take Lund with us . All right , I 'll try . They could have spotted us from that helicopter when we came down here- - in case they did tell Lund we 're in here , and act as though you 're double-crossing us . That might give you time to get the gun . Okay , I 'll do it . I 'll do it . Eric ! Yes , Jerry ? Yes , Jerry ? Come . Come . I suppose he tried . Can 't blame him entirely . For some people it 's more difficult than it is for others . He 's always been turned on too high . That 's the way they made him . His uncle ... his uncle was always a big man ... and Jerry 's still pretty much a little boy . Only he 's not a coward , David not really . He was always afraid he was going to be afraid . You know what that means ? ( coughing ) Sit down , Jerry . Very well . All reports from the city negative . One indication only- - a service station , Pleasantown , early this morning . A man and a woman as described asking directions to the lake . It might indicate they are headed here . I rather think they 're here already . Look at him . ( coughing ) Aren 't they , Jerry ? Aren 't who ? Jerry . Jerry . ( tsking ) Now , haven 't you learned yet ? Search . I suggest the stable first . ( silenced gunshot ) Apparently , our security hasn 't entirely failed . Hold it ! Bring them here . ( silenced gunshot ) He 'll die ! One move and he 'll die ! You got that ? All right , turn around . We 're going to the helicopter . Move . Jeremy . ( coughing ) Jeremy , this is the greatest foolishness . I 'm sorry for you . Shut up ! Do you actually think you can bring this off ? Oh , my dear boy . Just keep moving , my dear boy . Do you remember , Jeremy , what you were permitted to see that day ? Keep quiet . Keep quiet . Keep going . Under no circumstance will they allow me to be taken captive . Jeremy , your position is hopeless . They will order me sacrificed the moment they think you have any chance at all . Shut up ! By the time we reach that helicopter undoubtedly . Shut up ! Shut up ! They 're nearing the helicopter . Stand by . Jeremy ... look over there . They have us in their sights . The have reported and are only awaiting for orders . I 'm going to kill you . I 'm going to kill you . He 'll make it . Let 's go . Yes , sir . That is the situation , sir . They must be stopped regardless of the cost . Very good , sir . ( engine starts ) Yes , sir ? Execute . Yes , sir . Set it down ! Down ! Set it down ! * * We are a news-gathering organization , gentlemen as some of you may have heard . The largest and the greatest news-gathering organization in the history of the publishing world and we are going to find out what in the devil is going on . Now , in a certain respect our search for the truth is hampered by the fact that our science editor , John Nivin , and his friends are no longer with us . However , I don 't think we 're going to miss them . I don 't know what else to say , Emmett , except get with it . Send the reports to me as soon as they come in . Send carbon copies to Edgar Scoville . I 'm glad to have you back . Thank you , Mr. Mace . Glad to be back . Gentlemen . How 'd the chair feel ? Too big . Didn 't look too big . Here . No , thanks . David , you help us dig up the proof and we 'll print it , I promise you . Good . You know about our group . I 'd like to consider myself a member . Glad to have you , Mr. Mace . Keep in touch . So long , Jerry . Miss Murray . I wish I didn 't have to work this weekend . There 'll be others . Narrator : Two more to be added to the handful of believers . A cool young woman and the editor of an important magazine and they will go on with David Vincent watching , waiting , fighting the invaders .
