 Get Dr. Serret . He 's dead . No pulse . No , he 's alive . Hold him . Who are you ? What are you ? It 's obvious who he is . He 's a spy . SERRET : Maybe ... but it 's also obvious he isn 't a human being . NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now , David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they 've taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : Dana Wynter ... Don Dubbins ... and special guest star Fritz Weaver . NARRATOR : In a confused and divided world , one thing remains certain : a man must earn his daily bread . And so , David Vincent takes advantage of a precious lull in his lonely war . Mr. Vincent ? Yes . I 'm Josef Dansk . Forgive us for intruding like this . What can I do for you ? If I were to tell you that we 've captured an alien , Mr. Vincent , would you be willing to share your knowledge with us ? Who 's " us " ? One of our medical people read about you in the newspaper . She hoped you might be able to help us . Where are you keeping him ? At our U.N. Headquarters . We caught him rifling our safe . All right , I 'd like to take a look . Good . Peter , I want you to cable home for a team of experts . It 's premature . I 've sent for a fluoroscope . You should have it in an hour . That 's enough for a start . But it isn 't . I 'm not expert enough for this . Look at the skin tests . But you 're a biochemist , aren 't you ? Trained to evaluate American research projects , not creatures with skin like cellulose without pulse or heartbeat , without blood . It 's not from this Earth , Peter , and I need help . If you 're suggesting he 's from outer space , you really do need help . What do you really think , Katherine ? I 've sent for an American who may have had experience with these creatures . His name is Vincent . I hope you don 't mind . Fine . Then you do have help . When the ambassador gets here , I want a full file for him to read . Well , I could tell you what it would say now . Don 't tell me . Tell the ambassador . I want the decision to be his . What is it , Peter ? Are you afraid to commit yourself ? 1944 , you mean ? No . No , you lived that down a long time ago . " Lived it down " ? Is that why I 'm Deputy for Intelligence here and not in the bureau at home ? I will send the cable , and I will take the responsibility for it . I 'm in charge here . Any cable sent home will come from me . Send Sanders to my office . We 've checked out your Social Security record , Mr. Sanders . Supposedly , you 've held at least four jobs in heavy industry in firms requiring medical examinations for insurance . I must wonder , Mr. Sanders , how your peculiarities have escaped detection . Can you explain that to me ? Where are you from , Sanders ? How many of you are there ? Why are you interested in our troop dispositions in East Asia ? I wasn 't . I was hoping there 'd be some cash . There was , in plain sight , yet you managed not to find it . Who sent you here , Sanders ? If you want to be difficult , I can be difficult , too . On the other hand , if you want to be reasonable , I will be reasonable , too . Don 't try to pressure me . We 've been briefed on you people . Who briefed you ? Where were you born ? I was manufactured . Where ? Somewhere over the rainbow where blue ... This is the United States , mister . I 've got rights . All right . We have other ways . That 's him , Mr. Vincent . This way . Well , from what you 've said , he must be from space . Now , the important thing is to get him out of here as soon as you can . They 'll know you have him and they won 't let you keep him . " Get him out . " Where to ? State Department Security or Military Intelligence . To your people ... of course . Mr. Vincent ... our scientists at home are very interested in flying saucers . One popular view is that they are made in America . Yes , I 've heard that theory . Do you believe it ? You 've examined Sanders . Do you ? It 's arguable . The nearest galaxy is 1,800 trillion miles away , but I could stand on the Potomac and throw rocks at half a dozen biological warfare projects . Meaning what ? " The fault , dear Brutus , " may not be in our stars , but in ourselves . " " ... That we are underlings . " Mr. Borke , is there anyone higher up you could ask ? When I 'm ready . Until then , I want to weigh all possibilities . You 're weighing impossibilities . You 're wasting time . He 's proof that they 're here . They 'll kill to get him back . You must get him out of here . Mr. Vincent , I 've listened , and I 'm not satisfied . Take him downstairs . I 'm going nowhere . I 've offered my help . If you don 't want it , I 'll be leaving . BORKE : I 'm sorry , Mr. Vincent . Take him downstairs . I don 't suppose you care that I 'm an American citizen . Until I learn who Sanders is and who he represents , I want you to be my guest . You are risking Vincent 's life , Peter , putting him down there with that ... Keep an open mind for five minutes , Katherine . ( knocking ) Josef . Open it . JOSEF : Inside , Mr. Vincent . Vincent ! How did they get you ? They didn 't get anything out of me . Did they work you over , too ? What are you talking about ? Come on , you can level with me . DAVID ( over speaker ) : About what ? What kind of a ... I get it . Somebody 's listening . SANDERS : Is there some way we can notify Intelligence ? This can blow the whole operation . ( chair clattering ) If they put two and two toge ... I think they heard enough , don 't you ? They won 't believe it . Don 't bet your life on that , Vincent . That 's pretty much what I 'm doing , isn 't it ? Not just yours . You 'd better pray that I find some way to get out of here . I don 't know how long my people will wait before they blow this place up , but they will , and your government will be blamed for it . I think you know what 'll happen then . The gate . Two police officers from Point Pleasant . The Deputy Ambassador will see you . Ah . Please , sit down . Did Borke believe what he overheard on that bugging devise ? Yes ... perhaps because he wants to . I wonder if he 'd believe that after I found that microphone , Sanders told me the truth . Unless he 's released soon , his people are going to blow this place sky-high . Do you believe it ? Yes , I do . They have to keep their presence here a secret . Now , you must talk Borke into either turning him over or releasing him . I can 't talk the Deputy Ambassador into anything , Mr. Vincent . I 'm a subordinate here . Mr. Borke is a nervous man ... a very careful man . He may not know exactly what he has here , but whatever it is , it 's more than he wants to deal with . The ultimate weapon- - creatures created to do America 's bidding , outer space people-- - here to do God knows what . No , he 's just going to sit tight , do nothing and wait for someone else to make a decision . That 's great . That 's just great . Borke dragged me off my job , brought me here to find out what I had to say , yawned in my face , locked me up- - what sense does it make ? 11 years ago , there was a girl raising chickens on a collective farm . She did well in the science exams , so they sent her to a university . It cost them seven years and a small fortune to turn her into a scientist- - for them to disregard . What sense does that make ? We can try to change the Deputy Ambassador 's mind , Mr. Vincent- - and I will try- - but failing that , we have no alternative but to follow him . ( door opens ) To the grave ? I wish you 'd join me , gentlemen . Leo could send down for sandwiches in no time at all . I 'm afraid we have no time , Mr. Ambassador . And you don 't drink on duty . That is one of the pleasant prerogatives of diplomacy . Some of our hardest work is done at cocktail parties . Mr. Borke , the man we 're looking for is blond , medium height , about 35 years old . You might call him handsome . He goes by the name of Sanders . He was seen this area . We think he 's hiding somewhere in the compound . Gentlemen , would it be rude if I asked to see your credentials ? Oh . As a matter of fact , we did have some trouble here last night . Someone tried to break into our safe right over there . The alarm went off , but by the time we got there , the thief had gone right out that window . Did you see him ? No . Why didn 't you call Headquarters ? Nothing was stolen . Privacy is very important here . You mind if we have a look around ? You understand , gentlemen , this is a foreign embassy . It 's for your own protection , Mr. Borke . Of course . And I appreciate your interest . Thank you . Mr. Borke , what 's upstairs ? Living quarters . You 're welcome to check them if you like . CONNERS : Let 's start in the basement . Gentlemen ... this is an embassy , and as such , not American territory . I was willing to be courteous , but I really must in ... Downstairs . Who are you ? There is no one in there . BORKE : It 's only a store room . DAVID : Why do you ask ? Just answer the question , Mr. Vincent . Have you ever seen one die ? Yes . What happens ? They incinerate . How long does it take ? Not long at all . Do they leave any residue ? A trace of ash or soot . Why ? If they were made in one of your biological warfare projects , wouldn 't they be designed to burn up the same way so as to leave no evidence ? No . Why not ? They can be built , they can be destroyed any way you want . We can 't build them . Mr. Vincent , I 'm sorry I locked you up . Then let me go . Let Sanders go right now . I 've got to know the truth . I 've got to be sure . If you want me to tell you again , I 'll tell you . Now , listen to me . In 1944 ... 1944 , I was beginning my intelligence work in this country . It was simply not possible in 1944 for anyone to come up with an atomic bomb in time to affect the outcome of the war . I went to Alamogordo . I went to Oak Ridge . I personally collected all the evidence . I studied it , and then I reported to my government . Not possible . Not possible ! You know how I felt August 6 , 1945 , 5 : 30 in the afternoon when I heard on the radio that word , Hiroshima ? I won 't bore you with the cost of that marvelous piece of misjudgment on my part , but I paid it . Not again . Never again- - I don 't want that . What you are asking me to believe is simply not possible . I can 't blame you for playing this thing safe , but this is not safe . You can have us all killed . Supposing you 're right . Supposing there 's half a chance even that you 're right . Do you know what they will do to me ? I know ... you don 't think I 'm a very courageous person , Mr. Vincent . ( knock on door ) We 're ready , sir . Come with us . LEO : It was like a magnesium flare , then there was nothing . They were both gone . Would you burn up in the same way ? What causes that ? ( door opens ) BORKE : Go ahead . SANDERS : Vincent ... What do you make of it ? He 's not from this Earth . No chance . Sanders , is that right ? Go take a flying leap , Jack . ( flips switch ) Josef . ( tape recorder clicks on ) SANDERS : Vincent ! How did they get you ? They didn 't get anything out of me . Did they work you over , too ? DAVID : What are you talking about ? SANDERS : Come on , you can level with me . DAVID : About what ? What kind of a ... I get it . Somebody 's listening . SANDERS : Is there some way we can notify Intelligence ? This can blow the whole operation . ( chair clattering ) If you put two and two toge ... Sanders , where were you made ? If I tell you , what happens to me ? You stay alive . Now , where were you made ? Where were you made ? ! Langley , Virginia . Nonsense . That 's what he wants you to believe . Look , I 'll tell you anything you want but first we 've got to make a deal . Any deals you make you make back in my country . Get him out of here . What was he trying to do ? He was trying to kill himself , I think . Another way of keeping their secret . Of course , pure oxygen must be fatal to an organism like that . Mr. Borke , if they were made here , quite obviously , we wouldn 't make them vulnerable to oxygen . There will be a courier plane tomorrow morning at Kennedy Airport . You and Sanders will be on it . Maybe you should welcome that . My government will help you . At least you won 't be alone anymore . Dr. Serret , I 'd like to talk to you alone . I ... Borke may not be entirely wrong . What ? Alone ... please . Wait outside , please . Doctor , are you sure ? Wait outside . I don 't believe ... ( muffled protests ) I 'm sorry about this , Dr. Serret . Under no circumstances is he to be moved except by my order . ( door closes ) ( Serret straining ) ( pan clanging ) Vincent 's on the grounds . ( phone ringing ) The gate . Vincent is free somewhere in the compound . Electrify the fence . Yes , sir . You 're sure they were incinerated ? Yes . What was Mr. Borke 's conclusion ? He thinks Sanders is a ... a super weapon made in America . The animosity that you people feel toward one another is almost beyond belief . Of course , we 'll have to destroy the compound . I thought your people didn 't want to inherit a radioactive world . The tension in world affairs today , this could cause a nuclear war- - a blood bath . You have left us no alternative . How soon will Sanders need regeneration ? Why ? Let him incinerate . If he 's gone , so is the evidence . He has another nine days , Mr. Vincent . Time enough to reveal him either to their government or to yours . We cannot take that chance , Mr. Vincent . No . I might be able to get him out . After my men failed ? I know the house , and there 's a doctor there who might help me . I can 't take the chance . Why not ? They won 't tell anyone what they 've got . Give me until tomorrow morning . I 'll give you two hours . Until 5 : 00 this afternoon . That 's not enough time . If Sanders is not free by 5 : 00 , a helicopter will be sent to obliterate the compound . As I told you , Mr. Vincent , there is no alternative . He must have gone over it . Well , keep searching . I didn 't help him , Peter . I wouldn 't do that . I know that . There 's no harm done . I still have the one that really counts . He won 't escape , Katherine . No . Tell me , what do you really think of your friend Mr. Vincent now ? Nobody likes to be made a fool of . Including me , Katherine . Now , can we do things my way ? Yes . ROYER : This man that you say is being held prisoner- - he 's an American ? No , he ... No , he 's not American . Well , what is he , then , Mr. Vincent ? You 've been beating around the bush for five minutes now . I can understand why Mr. Vincent 's hesitant about being specific . I just called Washington , and he 's the man who 's been so persistent about the UFOs and alien creatures . Oh , I see . This , uh , prisoner is , uh , one of those aliens , I suppose ? Yes . But if you don 't believe that , I was a prisoner there . DAVID : I 'm an American- - that makes it your business , doesn 't it ? Yes and no . Now , technically , the compound is foreign territory . The only way that we could get in there is for them to ask us for help . Well , what do you do ? Just stand by and let this happen ? I guess we could give them a call . ( phone ringing ) Dansk here . Uh , James Royer . Security Office , State Department . Security Office ? I 'm sorry , but the Deputy Ambassador is not available . This is important , Mr. Dansk . Now , we have , uh , reason to believe that the prisoner that you 're holding there is a threat to your safety . Prisoner ? We have no prisoners . This is a diplomatic mission . Dr. Serret ? I 'm sorry , Mr. Royer , but Dr. Serret isn 't available either . I 'll tell the Deputy Ambassador you called . Well , we gave it a shot , Mr. Vincent . I 've got a meeting . Sorry . ( door closes ) Uh , just a second , Mr. Vincent . You know , if you were running at Hialeah , I 'd figure you at about a hundred to one . How would you figure it ? About that . Well , my partner sticks with the favorites , but , uh , I 'll tell you something . I pick just as many winners as he does . Can you stand some company ? You have any thoughts on how we 'll get inside ? Not yet . ( car clanking and sputtering ) That 's funny . I just got it back from the shop . No , sit still . I 'll fix it . Just take me a second . The gate . David Vincent is on the grounds , and he 's armed . Vincent . Please , listen to me . Don 't scream . Don 't do anything till you 've heard me out . Please . Don 't you want to tie and gag me first ? They 've given us an ultimatum . Wonderful ! I love ultimatums . Now get out before I call the guard . Borke has ten minutes to let Sanders go or this entire compound will be bombed at 5 : 00 . That 's right , by them . Now , you 've got to tell Borke that right now . Won 't anyone accept responsibility around here ? Wait ! Don 't go out there . They 'll shoot you . You 'll be killed . I 'll take my chances out there rather than be in here when it 's bombed . How do we know they 're going to bomb us ? They 've told me . Give me one reason why I should believe you . Just one . ( helicopter approaching ) There 's one . The only one I have . ( door closes ) All right . What do you want me to do ? Where 's Sanders ? Still in the cellar . Get him up here right now . I can 't . Borke gave orders that he wasn 't to be moved . Then force him . Do you have a gun ? If you think Sanders and I are working on the same side in this , we are . You have a gun ? Yes , but I won 't commit treason . You have about five minutes to save your country . ( helicopter hovering above ) What 's he doing up there ? Entering our territory , and I 'm going to make the strongest possible protest . Peter , I just saw Vincent . Where ? In the woods . He was running towards the fence . What do you mean , you spoke to Vincent ? Where ? When ? He came to the infirmary . But you told Josef ... Peter , that helicopter is going to bomb the compound if you don 't let Sanders go . Who told you that ? Vincent ? He risked his life to tell it to me . It 's a bluff , Katherine , another bluff just like those two policemen . Not this time . All right , if the Americans want to start a war ... let them . It is not the Americans ; it is them . You 're trying to play safe , and there isn 't time . Now , forget 1944 . Take a chance . Commit yourself ! ( sharp groan ) Order Sanders brought up . Katherine ... you 're committing treason . Have him come up ... or I 'll kill you . Bring Sanders up to my office . Hold it right there . Hands up . All right , Sanders , I 'm going to get you out of here . I 'll have you executed for this , Katherine . I swear I will . And I gh . ( helicopter hovering above ) Go ahead . I 'll cover you . Sanders . Come back , Peter ! Don 't stop it ! ( helicopter rotor blades whirring ) ( gunshot ) Let him go ! ( gunshot ) Are you all right ? I know next to nothing about biochemistry , but I know a great deal about weapons . No weapon on Earth could have done that . It appears that in certain particulars , you were right , Mr. Vincent . Thanks . I shall mention the incident in my report . You know they might laugh at you . A man does what he has to do , Katherine , regardless of consequences . The courier plane taking Borke and the others home is overdue six hours . Do think that your aliens are responsible ? Don 't you ? Poor Peter . Just as he was going home to be a man . Are you planning to go home , too ? Yes . How ? A commercial flight . Thursday . Don 't take it . Stay out of sight a few days and take a boat or ... What ? Stay in this country . I feel very close to you , David , but someone has to go back to warn them at home . Someone has to . Good luck . Thank you . NARRATOR : A long and lonely war . And yet , the invaders , seeking to take advantage of the differences between nations , have provided David Vincent with an ally half a world away .
