 ( upbeat music playing ) ( sighs ) Edgar , we don 't even know if this is a contact point . Three Tuesdays in a row ... always between 6 : 30 and 7 : 00 and always the same alien and I had him followed by different guards . What else could it be ? Maybe he just likes the service . ( music continues ) That 's it . Need some gas ? Be with you in a minute . Interested in some tires , mister ? No , I 'd like to see that briefcase . ( crashing and clattering ) ( grunts ) Hold it ! ( tires screech ) You all right ? Yeah . The other one got away . Anything worthwhile in there ? I don 't know . Most of it seems to be in code . I 've seen this one before . Yeah , so have I ... on one of the TV newscasts . He 's been nominated to head up some important new tracking facility specially geared for the exploration of space . Well , if that tracking facility can help us get out into space , it could help the aliens coming in . NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : Raymond St. Jacques ... Janet MacLachlan ... Roscoe Lee Browne ... Kent Smith . NARRATOR : For two daysa senate subcommittee has been meeting to consider the nomination of a man named Arnold Warren for an important post in the international space program . David Vincent has reason to believe that Warren is an alien . He has 24 hours to prove it . DAVID : Mr. Baxter ? Yes . David Vincent- - I left a note at your office . Yes , I read it . Why don 't you call my secretary and see if we can 't set something up for next week ? Your report on Warren is due tomorrow . That 'll be all , gentlemen . Thank you . Not that way . Why not ? That 's David Vincent talking to the committee investigator . Five minutes is all I 'm asking for . Mister Vincent , I have a luncheon engagement . I don 't think you could convince me of anything in five minutes . I can if you 're willing to listen . Come with me . Five minutes . ( chuckles dismissively ) Vincent , I 've heard some beauts in my time , but you 've got them all whipped . ( sighs ) " Arnold Andrew Warren , born March 18 , 1925 . " You saw the birth certificate ? Baptismal , and I spoke with his father . He does have a father ? Maybe . " Attended public schools . " I saw the diploma . At his father 's place , I suppose . At his father 's place . " Enlisted in the army in ' 43 . " Won the DSC with the 101st airborne on D-Day . " After the war , he went to work for Carter Electronics . They went out of business in ' 49 . " It figures . ( knocking at door ) Jim , you in there ? Oh , yeah , honey . Hi , Daddy . Hi , champ . How are you ? I going to have lunch with you . That 's right . That 's a deal . Oh , uh ... Mr. Vincent , my wife Mrs. Baxter . How do you do ? Mr. Vincent was just leaving . Nice to have met you . Nice to have met you , Mr. Vincent . Michael , don 't mess up Daddy 's desk . Apparently , you think this Warren is really something special . I do . Well , he , uh , he must have been to have been awarded the DSC with a unit that wasn 't integrated until six or seven years later . See you later . Celia ... Yes ? Do you remember when the army was integrated ? '50 , ' 51 ... somewhere in there . What 's the matter ? It 's Warren . He lied to me . No , no ... I didn 't say I got it in the 101st . I said I got it with the 101st . That 's a very subtle distinction , Mr. Warren . I 'm not quite sure ... Now you 're bound and determined to ruin my image . Well , here goes- - the plain truth . I was a cook . ( laughs ) A cook ? Yes ... assigned to a field kitchen in the area of the 101st . Now , the Germans overran our lines and I found myself with an M-1 instead of a spatula . Now , I think those airborne guys were more grateful not having to eat my cooking than they were over anything else . Anyway , that 's where the DSC came from . ( horn honking ) I hope that clears everything up . Yeah . Yeah , I think we 're on the beam again . It must really get to you having to hear out someone like Vincent . Doesn 't make things any easier , that 's for sure . Well , have a good lunch and I 'll see you tomorrow . Yeah ... see you tomorrow . Well , are you satisfied now ? No , I 'm not . I didn 't mention Vincent . They did . Yes , I 'd , uh ... like to call Syracuse , New York , person to person , collect- - Mr. Edgar Scoville , s-c-o-v-i-double l-e . Yeah , well , I may have shaken him up a bit , but , uh , he 's still handing in the report tomorrow . Mmm . Well , I can ask him , but I don 't know if he 'll show up . 10 : 00 ? All right . Right . I 'll talk with you later . So long . ( tires squealing ) You know , that boy and his blanket- - he can 't find it and he won 't go to sleep without it . You can go ahead and look , but it 's not in here . That report will be ready for tomorrow , won 't it ? That 's hard to say . Maybe it will and maybe it won 't . But I thought you 'd finished it . Heading up that tracking station is a pretty important post for a Negro , isn 't it ? Oh , so that 's it . I just asked a question . Just because he 's Negro , I 'm not going to whitewash him . " Whitewash " ? ! Oh , please , don 't push me , Celia . MICHAEL : Find my blanket yet ? Michael , who do you think the best baseball player in the world is ? Willie Mays . And who 's the best football player ? Gale Sayers . You go on in now . I 'll be along to tuck you in . He needs heroes , Jim- - black ones . Hey , Mike ! Who throws a football better than anyone else ? Johnny Unitas . Is this a game ? No , champ , not really . Go to bed now . Now , what was your point , Celia ? ( doorbell rings ) Oh , hello , Vincent . I 'm sorry I can 't let you in . I 'm trying to put the kid to bed . Did you at least ask him about the 101st Airborne Division ? Oh , yes , I did , and he answered satisfactorily . Satisfactorily ? What does that mean ? It means I 'm an investigator , Vincent . That 's a fancy word for a cop . And a cop moves on facts , not hunches . And he 's supposed to keep an open mind . Aren 't you ? Vincent , I don 't want any part of this . Neither do I- - I never have- - but I know they 're here . Just listen to me for a minute , will you ? A friend of mine , Edgar Scoville , has a plant on River Road . He 's had his own men investigating this case for a long time . He wants to meet with you . Meet me in the south parking lot at 10 : 00 tonight . Good night , Vincent . Please take the card . Did Mr. Vincent leave ? Yeah . I found it under the couch . Here , give it to me . I 'll put it over him . Love you . Oh . ( chuckles ) Love you , too . Dinner . Where 's Scoville ? In Syracuse . Well , I thought you wanted me to meet him . No , I meant I wanted you to talk to him . Sit down . Closed-circuit TV . He uses it for inter - plant conferences . Evening , David ... Mr. Baxter . Mr. Scoville . What convinced you to come here , Mr. Baxter ? The trusting part of me says I should keep an open mind . The cynical part says I should give you enough rope to hang yourselves . That 's all , Mr. Baxter ? No , it 's not . Call it a cop 's intuition ... call it what you want ... there 's always been something about Warren that didn 't quite jibe . Something that wasn 't ... Human . That 's your term , not mine . Not yet . David 's probably told you that aliens don 't bleed . Two years ago , Warren headed a construction project in South America . There was an explosion on the job . 18 men were pretty badly cut up . 17 of them bled . Warren became sort of a legend down there . The natives called him " the man who couldn 't bleed . " I did some checking on the doctor who treated him ... Hold it . Show me that picture again . His hand . His hand . What are you talking about ? Look at the palm of my hand then his . It 's darker . I never saw a black man like that before . Tomorrow he makes a television address in Baltimore , and then he says he 's going fishing up at Beaver Kill . So ? There 's a regeneration station there . We 've been trying to pinpoint it for months . We figure if he doesn 't show there , he 'll die . Now , if there 's a way to postpone tomorrow 's hearing ... I can try . And if we can find a way to keep him here ... Oh , man . If ... if ... if I had a hundred legs , I 'd be the Rockettes . All right . I 'll see what I can find out from his so-called father . We 'll meet here tomorrow afternoon . No , you 'd better not . My wife Celia ... well , her brother was killed seven months ago . Vietnam war ? No . The one in this country . Last summer ... Detroit . Anyway , it 's important to her that we keep things moving . If she were to find out that I was trying to stop Warren 's appointment ... No problem . We 'll arrange to meet somewhere else . I 'll call you . Thank you . I appreciate it . See you . Senator ? This is Jim Baxter . I 'm terribly sorry to have to disturb you at this hour , but I 'm afraid there 's going to be a delay on the Warren security report . Oh , well , no . I don 't want to say how serious it is now until I have time to look into it tomorrow . Oh , no , sir . It 's absolutely necessary . I know what I said , Senator , and I 'm sorry to throw a monkey wrench into it . Oh , no , sir , I 'll definitely need the weekend . Yes , sir . Well , thank you , Senator . Thank you very much . Celia ! RADIO NEWSCASTER : Meanwhile , in Vietnam , VC guerrillas were successfully driven back from two villages yesterday and U.S. Marines have moved in to consolidate their positions there . American casualties for the month are down almost 50 % . A spokesman for the Secretary of Defense ... Mr. Warren ? Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? Bob Tobin , freelance writer . I was thinking of doing an article on your son . I 'd like to ask some questions . Oh , sure . Come right up , young man . I 'll be glad to talk about Arnold any day of the week . NEWSCASTER : Bad news again for Mr. And Mrs. Consumer . Figures compiled by the Department of Labor Statistics reveal that the cost of living index has risen another ... Can I get you a cup of coffee or anything ? No , thank you . Well , let me shut off this contraption here ... so we can hear ourselves think . Now ... so you ask me any old thing you have a mind to . Well , let 's begin with his childhood . DAVID : What kind of student was he ? Do you remember what schools he went to ? Mr. Baxter , I understand that it was you who requested a delay of the hearings . That 's right . Well , if there 's anything I can do to expedite matters , I 'd be happy to . You see , I have a speaking engagement this evening and an appointment with a very large ... trout for the weekend . There 's nothing you can do . Mr. Baxter ... you know as well as I do that delays feed rumors ... and rumors can cause a great deal of trouble , especially for a man like me . You understand . Like you ? No , I don 't understand . Well , I 'm trying to say as politely as I know how that you 're not being very loyal to your race . Which race is that ? Negro ... or human ? I 'm sorry , I couldn 't help you out anymore , son , but it seems like a lot of them dates just gets all boggled up in my head . That 's all right . I understand quite well . Looking for something ? This your car ? I rented it . Why ? We got a robbery report a couple hours ago . A car just like this . Oh , yeah ? May we see your license , please ? Don 't policemen usually ask for the license separately ? ( gunshot ) ( gunshot ) Vincent got away ! The afternoon papers say you might have found something to disqualify Warren . Is that true ? Maybe . I don 't know yet . Can you tell me what it is ? Honey , it 's a whole bunch of things . Little things , maybe . But mainly , his record doesn 't verify . One company that he worked for they 've gone out of business . Another 's been nationalized . The church where he was christened all of their records have been destroyed . But most important ... it 's his hands . The color of the skin of the palms ... The color of his skin ! What 's wrong with the color of his skin ? The color of the skin of the palms ... Jim , what 's wrong with you ? Well , there 's nothing wrong with me . I 'm trying to tell you ... You wouldn 't be this hard on a white man and you know it . You started this song and dance , now you finish it . Well , it 's true . You 're playing Whitey . Trying to find some picky little thing wrong with him just so you can prove you 're better than he is . Well , I am better . I have to be better . I have to be ... better than anyone else . I don 't even raise my voice in a family argument , see ? Because I don 't want them to say we don 't know how to have a good family life . I mow that stinking , lousy lawn not once , but twice a week because this house is going to be neater , more well kept , than any other house on the block . You want black heroes ? Fine . I want them , too . But they 're going to be real heroes- - no flaws- - the absolute best . So we 've got to run faster just to stay in the same place , is that it ? Yes , I 'm afraid that 's it . And you better get used to it . ( tires squealing ) ( jukebox plays RB music ) All right , baby , you feel that way- - bye . ( phone rings ) Hello ? Mrs. Baxter , this is David Vincent . I 'm in a bar called Ollie 's at Fifth and Coolidge . Tell your husband I 'm in trouble . They have me pinned down here but there 's an alley out back . I 'm sorry , you 've reached the wrong number . Hey , Casey ... what 's going on up there ? Help you ? Change for the phone , please . Right . Cops- - looking for somebody , I guess . Hey , mister . Yeah . Here 's your change . Thank you . I , uh ... don 't make much money off phone calls , friend . Yeah , I 'll have a beer . He 's not sure he 's going to make it . He wants to come up there right now . Well , he 's getting weaker . That 's why he wants to cancel the speech . Well , what do they say ? All right , we 'll do it that way . They 're going to bring the regeneration van to Baltimore . Five minutes after the TV show , you 'll be as good as new . I 'll never make it . Of course you can always call them back and tell them you don 't accept their decision . I 'll be fine ... just fine . ( sewing machine whirs ) Do you have to run that thing ? No , only if you want Michael to have some clothes to wear . Vincent should 've called by now . Maybe he forgot . No , he said he would call . Celia ? Where 's Michael ? Why ? What 's wrong ? He left the phone off the hook . Michael Baxter ! You come here right now . He 's at the Harlands , Jim . He can 't hear you . Well , Vincent could 've been trying to reach me for hours . Well , if it 's important , he 'll call back . " If it 's important " ? ! Jim , do you honestly believe what Vincent says ? Celia ... I don 't think you know what you married ... I 'm a cop . A guy who 's trying to keep the lid on . And that 's all I 'm doing now . I 'm a good cop , Celia . Jim ... can I get you anything ? A sandwich and a beer would do nicely . Okay . Jim , you know what would be nice ? Maybe next weekend , if we ask your mother if she 'll take Michael for a few days , then you and I could , uh ... I don 't know , drive up to see Esther and Sam . Or if you want to , just stay here by ourselves . Oh , it seems like a million years since we 've had any time together , you know ? Jim ? Jim ? This is an emergency . They 're two doors down , friend , so I think you better split . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Look ... I don 't care much what they want you for , but I 'm not going to have my place busted on account of it . What makes you think they 're after me ? Bartender 's intuition . I 've got a sign says " we reserve the right to refuse anybody . " You look like anybody to me , so split . All right , why don 't you , uh , call the station house , tell them I 'm here . All I 've got to do is put my head out the door and holler . Why split the reward ? Look , I ... I killed a cop . Those guys outside try to capture me they 'll take me to the station house in pieces . But if you call the station house and bring the reporters down here , I 'll have a chance to go to trial . Is that straight ? About the reward ? It 's straight . You 'll get your money . Storeroom in the back . Get moving . Look , friend , don 't tell me you ain 't looking for anybody . There are two cops in here right now . Numbers 54 and 78 . But he said he killed a cop . Out . Search him . Outside . You got to advise him on his rights . It 's our duty to inform you that you have the right to remain silent . You 're entitled to a lawyer . Leave that man alone . Stay out of this , mister . Drop it . You ain 't no cops . You 're even wearing phony badges . You can split if you want , friend . Are you sure ? Everything is copacetic . Hold it . ( gunshot ) ( gunshot ) ( tires squealing ) Warren 's giving his speech in a few minutes . Your husband should be around here somewhere . Will you be all right ? Lots of perspiration . You sure you 're not coming down with the flu , Mr. Warren ? No , I 'm just fine . Thank you . All right . We 're about ready for you . Why don 't you come over and get set . Shh . It 's all right , honey . Don 't worry . When you left , I thought I 'd die . All right . Now get in the car . I didn 't know where to find you , but I knew you 'd know where to find me . I figured if we could stop Warren from getting to that regeneration center ... ( vehicle approaching ) 15 minutes . Be ready . Yes , sir . The regeneration center came to him . Ten minutes after he steps inside that truck over there , he 'll be as good as new . How many people came with the truck ? I 've seen three , plus whoever is with him in the studio . It won 't be easy with just the two of us . Three of us . Jim , please . I 've fought you so long on this , let me help you now . No , you 're out of it and that 's final . But the two of you can 't do it alone . Then it won 't get done . David , you talk to him . Tell him nothing will happen to me . I 'm not going to lie to him . We can handle it ourselves , can 't we ? I 'm not going to lie to you , either . Well , now that you 've talked me into it , there 's just one thing . Somebody 's got to tell me what to do . WARREN : ... but surely we all acknowledge that any civilization has its set of tribal laws of taboos , if you will , and once that point is admitted , it becomes clear that our own nation is not so far removed . But we , too , are breaking down our taboos , our tribal laws , as we who are committed to tracking through space do so ... Ready . How much time will you need ? We 'll need ten minutes to take over the regeneration van . ... and I hope it 's been as educational for you as it has been enjoyable for me . Thank you . And we fade . Very good . Thank you very much , Mr. Warren . Come on , let 's get out of here . No , not yet . There 's a woman outside wants to talk to you- - syndicated columnist . It 'll only take a few more minutes . William , I don 't think I have a few more minutes . Our people in the van say you do . What 's wrong ? I 've seen that woman before . ( slurring ) : Hey , baby ... Man , have you seen my car ? Red convertible ... dual carburetors ? MAN 1 : No , I haven 't seen it . We 're doing a little repair work around here , so if I was you , I 'd get out of here . Go on , get out of here . Now , wait , man , take it easy . Wow . I 'm afraid that a long interview at this time would be out of the question , Mrs. Harris . After my confirmation by the senate I 'd be only too happy to ... But so many of my people are curious about what you might accomplish for them . Mrs. Harris , don 't you mean our people ? Well , I meant my readers , of course . Of course , I realize how busy you must be , Mr. Warren , but ... And I appreciate your concern . You have no idea of the rigors of appearing in public , testifying before a senate committee , being investigated by thorough , conscientious , painstaking men like your husband , Mrs. Baxter . We 're going to the truck , Mr. Baxter . I 'd appreciate it if you wouldn 't follow . Celia , get the car . Jim ... you 'll have to testify and I 'll call you when I need you . Do you really think they 're going to believe me ? Not a hundred percent , no . What you and the technicians say will go on record . What they have to do now is find a replacement for Warren . Well , I hope if he 's Negro , that he can take it because Jim Baxter would make him run through hoops to prove himself . Jim , good luck . Thanks for everything . Celia . Good-bye , David . NARRATOR : James A. Baxter , special investigator for a senate subcommittee , a formidable ally for David Vincent who will join the battle against an alien race ... the invader from the sky .
