 If we 're going to have any kind of a honeymoon , Sam , these early morning calls have got to go . Steady , Doc . When we get back , I 'll pour you a tranquilizer . Don 't " Doc " me , Doc . Anyway , I have nothing to say for a physician who 's so jealous of the competition he has to ask her to marry him . Come here and shut up . ( tires squealing ) Maria , call the highway patrol . Then come help me . One-eight-A , eight-six-one-one . One-eight-A ... Don 't try to move . I 'm a doctor . I 'm-I 'm okay . Uh , just get me out of here . What were you doing driving like that ? My brakes went out , I guess . Look , I 'm all right . Just help me to get out of here . Please , just hold still . Don 't touch me ! Don 't be a fool . You 'll kill yourself . Sam , watch out ! ( screams ) ( siren approaching ) Sam ? NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they 've taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : Nan Martin ... Harry Townes ... Ron Hayes ... Joe Maross . NARRATOR : Carterville , Wyoming . Once a processing center for local copper mines- - now a relic . Population : 1,216 . Principal features : The Laramie Mountains on the south , the North Platte River on the north . Principal industry : Contemplation of the past . In its 71 years , Carterville has had only four murder cases . The latest , committed by a member of an alien race , will never be recorded in the history books . I want to talk to him- - now . Not until he sees his lawyer , Will . We 're not going to make any mistakes with this one . You owe me a favor from the campaign , now don 't you forget it . Well , you should 've backed the competition . I 'm not much with favors . Sheriff ? His name 's Vincent . He 's been here for half an hour and he wants to see Manners . Are you his lawyer ? No , I 'm not . What is it you 're selling ? The reason he killed the doctor- - and it 's free . I accept the gift . I want to see him first . The picture in the paper wasn 't clear . I 'd like to be sure . What is he to you ? He once tried to kill me . Mind if I see your I.D. ? VINCENT : I take it you 're in no hurry . He isn 't going anywhere . In a couple of days , he 's going up in smoke . I 'd like someone to see it when he does . Look , Vincent , I hate to upset you but I have a murder case to protect and I 'm not going to let you turn it into a circus . I 'm just trying to help you . Let me see him . No circus . Raise your hands . All right , let 's go . He the one ? Yes . Why did he kill Dr. Larousse ? He didn 't want to be examined . He has no pulse , no heartbeat . Check it out . Hey , Sheriff , who is this character ? Vincent , you 're beautiful . It 's a clever approach . The city papers start screaming : " Why did they examine him against his will ? " And a clever lawyer to bring in lots of smart testimony ... Look , I don 't care if you believe me . But there 's no law against having that prisoner examined by a recognized doctor . Why doesn 't he have a pulse or a heartbeat , Vincent ? I 'll explain that after he 's been examined . Oh , come on now . That 's a pretty wild thing to say . What is he , some kind of freak ? All right . He 's different because he wasn 't born here on Earth . He 's from another planet . Or he 's really a frog waiting to be kissed awake but a beautiful princess . Gentlemen , if you 'll excuse me . The man has no pulse and no heartbeat . Two days , three at the most , he 's going up in flames . I don 't know whether to run you out of town or lock you up . Just let me use the telephone . I have to call Captain Taft at the air base . You can use mine , Vincent . Will ... Nope . I 'd like to hear more about this . A little color never hurt a story . Will , don 't forget who your friends are . My friends wouldn 't let me interview the prisoner . They can 't do much about me interviewing a stranger . After you , sir . Sheriff ! Hey , hey , Sheriff ! What do you want , Manners ? My lawyer . I want to call my lawyer now . Stick your hands out . You know , that guy Vincent- - he 's the one that ought to be locked up . You can use my cell . Right there . ( dialing phone ) Sheriff , I , uh ... I want to talk to my lawyer ... not you . ( continues dialing ) ( phone rings once ) Manners ? Yeah . Now , look , you 've got to get me out of here now . Right now . They got an Air Force captain on the way . Which base is he from ? What planet 's he from ? I don 't know . Well , what 's he doing in this part of the country ? I don 't know that , either . Well , look , you 're not trying hard enough , Vincent . You got to use your imagination a little . Your phone , please . You cooperate with me and I 'll cooperate with you . Make you a big man . Pictures , wire services ... ( dialing ) ( phone rings ) Captain Taft . Captain , this is David Vincent calling . You told me if I ever " caught one " I should give you a call . Well , I 'm calling . Now , don 't hang up yet . Regulation 33-6 of the UFO manual says you 've got to check it out . Well , thanks for telling me . Where are you , Vincent ? Yes , I know where it is . I 'll be there . I 've always been a book man , Corporal , but there are some regulations I just don 't understand . Call the motor pool , have them send a car over . I 'm going to help you anyway , Vincent . There 's another doctor in this town- - Maria McKinley . She was engaged to marry Sam Larousse . Ordinarily , she wouldn 't touch the man that killed him with a ten-foot pole . It wouldn 't even be right to ask her . But in the interest of science ... In the interest of selling papers . I 'm going to get her to listen to his heartbeat , check his pulse . That doesn 't worry you , does it ? No . Good . You help yourself to coffee . I 'll get right on it . What do you know about this , uh , Vincent , sir ? Only that he 'll do anything at all to get his name in the papers . I 've never had the pleasure of meeting the gentleman . You mean he just picks up the phone and calls you ? That takes a lot of gall , Captain . That it does , Sergeant . Enough gall to be divided into three parts . ( bell tinkles ) Hello , Maria . I 'm sorry to bother you . Will , what do you want ? Well , there 's something going on that I think you ought to know about , Maria . I think that the dignity of Sam 's memory is in jeopardy . Will ... if you want me to cry or swear or throw you out of here , just so you can get a nice , juicy paragraph in Sam 's obituary ... Maria ... there is a man in town over in Gordon 's office right this minute who says that Sam was killed by a spaceman . A spaceman ? Without any heartbeat or any pulse . I wouldn 't lie to you , Maria , especially not at a time like this . All right . What do you want me to do about it ? Well , I think it would help stop these stories if a doctor examined Manners , as painful as that would be . Prove the fellow 's lying . And I think Sam would approve , too . ( sighs ) Will , you could no more know Sam 's mind than the man in the moon . ( bell tinkles ) Good to meet you , Mr. Clemens . Glad to meet you , Captain . There , uh ... ought to be a law . Well , if there were a law , I 'd have locked him up by now . ( door opening ) Well , Captain , I 'm glad we 're finally getting to meet . Briefly , and for the last time . If you 'll go ahead with your demonstration , I 'd like to get back for lunch . Well , first of all , we need a doctor . ( chuckling ) : Amen . You choose a doctor . This is a two-doctor town , Vincent . One was murdered , the other was his fiancée . She saw it happen and I 'm not about to ask her . ( door opening ) You 're the man with the story . Dr. McKinley . I wish I could have told you in my own way . It wouldn 't have mattered . You see , I don 't believe you 've come here out of delusion or paranoia or anything like that . You 're his friend and you 've come to help him . No , Doctor , I want to have him examined . If I 'm wrong , you 'll tell me and I 'll take your word for it and leave . Why ... Why are you doing this ? What are you going to get out of it ? He 's making fools of you . MARIA : He 'll have people laughing so hysterically at him and at you , it 'll make Sam 's death a farce . You better resolve this , Doctor , or Mr. Hale will make a Roman circus out of it . Uh , Maria , I 'll call the coroner at the county office . Why don 't you go on home . Sorry to wipe out your story , Will . You got me wrong , Gord . ( dials phone ) ( stops dialing , hangs up ) Gordon , do you want me to do this ? No , Maria . I mean , would it help ? Does he have to be examined ? Well , I don 't know any other way to get rid of Vincent . Look , Maria , I 'm ... I 'm walking a tightrope to prevent a mistrial or a change of venue . We just have to be very careful . Well , let 's get it over with . All right , Captain . Sergeant , get my report forms from the car , will you ? Yes , sir . Not you , Will . Mr. Hale says he has no pulse or heartbeat . That 's true . Let 's get it over with . He doesn 't seem to like the idea . He is afraid . I 'm curious myself now . Stand still , Manners , or we 'll have to put the handcuffs on you . ( screams ) ( tires screech ) Manners , you can 't make it ! ( gunshots ) ( gunshots ) We have no choice , Clements . Until this thing is cleared up , I 've got to see that what happened is kept inside the town . I 'm declaring martial law . Well , what 'll that do except spread the hysteria ? There won 't be hysteria if you handle it right . Keep the people in their homes- - no public gatherings . ( dials phone ) Gladys , an emergency 's been declared . I want you to close the switchboard to all out-of-town calls . Yeah , yeah . Pull the plugs on every line except this one . Yes , yes . Right now . I 'll have my deputy spread the word . Jim ? Fine . Now I 'd like to call the air base . Sit down . Captain Taft here . Get me UFO Investigation . What 's wrong ? This is a red call . The Vincent report was a flashing red . I 'll handle it from here . What do you suggest ? Full investigation squad , full shut-off , no news- - the works . Yes . I 'm taking measures to keep the news from spreading . I consider this an emergency . You can 't cut off news just like that . I didn 't do it " just like that . " I declared martial law first . Well , this is important , Captain . This is wire service bulletin banner head news . It 'll make this town when the AP and UPI get it . What you mean , Hale , is it 'll make you . You saw it happen , you took the pictures , you wrote the copy . You 're thinking only of you . Now , be nice , or I 'll suggest to the sheriff that you 're breaking the law . MAN : All right , come on , break it up . Break it up . Let 's go . How many are there , mister ? Say , where do these people come from ? How come you know so much about them ? What do they want ? Look , the Air Force is on top of it now . Everything 's going to be all right . ( bell tinkling ) Doctor ... What is it , Mr. Vincent ? Well , I came to say that I 'm sorry you had to be put through so much . Thank you . I didn 't know Dr. Larousse ... but his death was important . It 's going to let the world know ... Please stop it , Mr. Vincent . This ... cheap joke of yours is in horrible taste . I don 't know how you did it , but Manners will be caught again and executed , and you 'll be punished for helping him escape . Doctor , Manners is dead . You can fool all the people in this town all the time , Mr. Vincent and you obviously have , but ... I 'm a doctor , and I know what is and is not scientifically possible . But you 've seen the pictures . You 've talked to people who were there . Please . I 'm sorry . I don 't want to talk anymore . Sam 's funeral is in an hour . I just wish you 'd come . I just wish you 'd see for yourself how important he was to this town . How loved he was . I will be there . And then maybe you 'll have the decency to end this hoax . ( bell tinkling ) ( eerie whirring ) Out of all the sick he healed , not one came . He loved this town . He devoted his life to it . And not one person came . They 're afraid . They 've seen something . Something you refuse to see . I came here to speak to a full congregation about my ... friend , Sam Larousse and the town he loved . Everyone knew of the funeral ? Maria ? I simply don 't understand this . I ... May God have mercy on all of us . " The Lord is my shepherd . " I shall not want . " He maketh me to lie down in green pastures . " He leadeth me beside the still waters . " He restoreth my soul . " He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name 's sake . " Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for Thou art ... " ( rumbling ) " Thy ... " ( clattering ) " For Thou art ... Thy rod and Thy staff , they comfort me . " MAN : The dam ! It 's going ! The dam ! The dam ! The dam ! The dam ! No , wait a minute . What 's that about the dam ? There 's a crack in it clear to the top , and the water 's starting to come through . HALE : Did you hear that ? About the dam ? I heard , Will . The earthquake must have put that crack in it . You going to do anything about it ? That 's what I get paid for . Well , what ? What are you going to do about it ? What about the electricity going off ? Our phones , our radios , the cars ? Just settle down . I 'll get us some help . You people were told to stay at home . Everybody else is following orders . I expect you to do the same . We 'll let you know what 's happening . ( crowd murmuring ) Jimmy , get your brother . Get out of town any way you can . Bring back the Army , the state police , anybody . Jimmy ... Don 't let me down . Captain ? I was just curious . Why didn 't you come here two days ago , when I called you ? I told you . I was busy then . What have you done to Captain Taft ? Are you insane ? I am Captain Taft . I never called two days ago . Oh , yes , it had to be . The power failure ... the earthquake ... and you 're the only new face in town . What are you doing here ? Cutting them off from the outside world . Keeping them here so they can 't spread the word . You can 't cut off communications forever . What are you doing here ? They know the truth , Mr. Vincent . I 'm only doing what I have to do . No . Not the whole town . You 're not going to murder the whole town ... ( eerie whirring in distance ) They 've got guns . Pistols . I don 't care who they are . If they can hit us at this range , good luck to them . I 'm going up there . Who are you ? ! There must be another way . You just can 't wipe out a whole town . No other way . The people believe ; you saw to that . Look , it 's too big a risk . You 'll draw too much attention . We 're not looking forward to it , Vincent . If it 'll make you feel better , I 'll have my accounting to do ... for bungling Manners ' escape . I 'll pay for that . ( sighing ) And how do you murder a thousand people ? A harmless mist will put them to sleep . My people , unaffected by the mist , will escape before the flood hits . A natural disaster . Look , you don 't want to kill them . There 'd be too much talk . There 'd be investigations . Maybe I can talk them out of it . This time , they won 't believe you . If I can convince them that there was attempt to break Manners out of jail . How you going to explain what happened to him ? Fumes from the gas tank , a flash of fire , uh , uh ... an optical illusion . I don 't know , but it 's worth a try for both of us . What about the electricity going off ? I 'll think of something . Good luck . How much time do I have ? An hour . Two at the most . My people are on their way . Every living soul ? I knew it was something pretty bad , but that ... that 's hard to believe . I just need one person to believe . We have to make the rest of the town think I pulled some stunt to get Manners out of jail . Then they can be saved . What do we have to do ? Maria 's a doctor , a scientist . She 's respected and she thinks I lied . If she can convince the rest , then they have a chance . You 're safe for six more hours . Insulin will last that long unrefrigerated . And after that ? After that , I 'll drive you to Casper . In what ? ! ( bell jingling ) He lied . The whole thing was a hoax . Tell her . Tell me . All right , he 's a friend of mine . That 's not all you told me . He offered me $ 500 if I got him out of jail . I was broke . Try it sometime . I 'm sorry you got involved in this but , uh , I needed the money . You won 't spend it for ten years , Vincent . Come on . Oh , Maria ... Can you think of some way for me to quiet down the town ? Thanks to Will Hale and Vincent here , they took it all seriously . They 're still jumpy . I know they are . You want me to talk to them ? Hale has a handpress that 's still working , maybe ... Oh , I hate to ask you to do that . I 'll ... I 'll do it myself . Gordon ... I 'm a doctor . They trust me . We 'll print up some bulletins and , and distribute them around town . Please , I want to do this . If you think you 're up to it . ( bell jingles ) Sheriff , we 're going to pack up our things and get out of here . What for ? It 's all over , Will . It was a jailbreak . Vincent staged it to get Manners out . Ask him . What are you trying to do ? Get me lynched ? Will . ( whispers ) : Maria thought you might print up a special bulletin , tell everybody in town what really happened . She 's consented to fill in a few of the facts . Your paper . You 'd be the one responsible for bringing this town back to sanity again . Yeah . Sure . I 'll get on it right away . Come on , Maria . ( door opens ) It 's your baby , Captain . It 's all yours now . It won 't work , Vincent . Give it a chance . I will . This one time , we both want the same thing . I 'm a scientist . Now , I know it 's easy to be fooled by natural phenomena just because it 's- - well , it 's unusual- - but don 't be . Don 't let yourselves be . Maria , I saw him burn up . I took pictures , remember ? An optical illusion . It 's perfectly possible . What about the earthquake ? The dam ? And the electricity going off ? An electrical disturbance . Baloney . You should be ashamed of yourself . Do you want to remember Sam 's death as the time you all went mad ? How do you make a fresh battery stop working ? Now , tell me that . I have a car with just 500 miles on it . It doesn 't work either . Well , there is a reason . There has to be a reason . Just because I don 't know what it is ... Maria ? Before God and man , could you be wrong ? Is it possible you could be wrong ? Sheriff ? I 'm sorry I let you down , Gord . We couldn 't get out . What happened ? They 're all around us . JIMMY : They knocked out the bridge , they 're flooding the valley , everything . They 've got this machine out there that 's sucking up all the electricity . We can 't get out of here . Why did you lie to us , Maria ? I didn 't mean to lie , Reverend . I didn 't think it could be . I didn 't see how it was poss ... possible . Hey , look ! ( crowd clamoring ) Detail , halt . At ease . What 's going on here ? What 's wrong ? Our trucks lost power just outside of town . HALE : Yeah . We 're in the same fix . Electricity 's off , all our cars have stopped ... He 's your superior . You 've had your chance . Now , please , don 't cause any more alarm until it 's over . The people are more serene now . It will be better for them and better for us if it stays that way . Cooperate and I 'll let you live . Sure , you will . There 's got to be a better way for both of us . That 's not my decision anymore , and it 's certainly not yours . There 's too much to explain . Why can 't you make them forget it happened ? That 's not possible . Well , try . Hypnotize them . No . Eventually , they 'd replay the day in their minds . It would happen the same way . Not even mind drugs could do it . I 've ordered preparations . Ten minutes more . You 'll have a great many questions to answer when it 's over . David . How much time do we have ? What do you mean ? No more acting , David . You fooled me this afternoon . No more . A few minutes , I guess . I 'm sorry if I said things ... No , no . If only there were something I could do . If I could organize the men we could to resist somehow . No , I know these people . There 'd be panic and bloodshed . Just leave them alone . For everyone else , time stopped at 1 : 00 this afternoon . For me it stopped yesterday . Only Sam counted . Today never happened . Good-bye , David . Good-bye . Look , there might be a way . Now , you said turning back the clock through hypnosis was impossible because the events would repeat themselves exactly as they were . But you can go back to Monday- - make it happen again , but differently . Change one element ... and you can change the outcome . I 'll be that element . MAJOR ( on loudspeaker ) : Carterville , and all the human souls within it , hear this voice . Obey this voice . This voice communicates to and commands you for as long as you hear it . To the town square , you will bring every last item you have acquired since 9 : 00 this morning- - every item- - every paper , every letter , every memory , every thought , every artifact- - everything since 9 : 00 this morning . People will come and ask you about a radio silence which lasted for a day . You will tell of an unusual magnetic disturbance which will be spoken of for years . Certain things will have changed . The road bridge collapsed in an earthquake . You will remember the sound of it . Tomorrow , at 9 : 00 in the morning , you will awaken . You will have lost one whole day but you will not realize it . Everything will be as I have said . Go now to where you were at 9 : 00 this morning , for that is where you will begin tomorrow . I want to talk to him- - now . Not till he sees his lawyer , Will . We 're not going to make any mistakes in this one . You owe me a favor from the campaign now , don 't you forget it . Will , you should 've backed the competition . I 'm not much with favors . Sheriff ? His name 's Vincent . He 's been here for half an hour and he wants to see Manners . Are you his lawyer ? No , I 'm not . What is it you 're selling ? The reason he killed the doctor . And it 's free . I accept the gift . I want to see him first . The picture in the paper wasn 't clear . I 'd like to be sure . What is he to you ? He once tried to kill me . Mind if I see your I.D. ? All right . Raise your hands . Let 's go . No . I 'm sorry to trouble you , Sheriff . I 've never seen him before in my life . " The Lord is my shepherd . " I shall not want . " He maketh me to lie down in green pastures . " He leadeth me beside the still waters . " He restoreth my soul . " He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness " for His name 's sake . " Yea , though I walk through " the valley of the shadow of death , " I will fear no evil . " For Thou art with me . " Thy rod and Thy staff , they comfort me . " Thou preparest a table before me " in the presence of mine enemies . " Thou anointest my head with oil . " My cup runneth over . " Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me " all the days of my life , " and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever . Amen . " ( birds chirping ) He was a fine man , Maria . A credit to his profession and to you and to this town , too . It means a lot to hear you say that , Will . Thank you . Maria , I feel worse than any man here . I liked Sam . I really thought we had the man who ... No , that wasn 't the man , Gordon . I knew the moment I saw him . You had to let him go . Yeah . Well , we 're raising Cain with the highway patrol . They brought us the wrong man and I want to find out why . Doctor ... I came to pay my respects . I 'm sorry . I can 't place ... Were you a friend of Sam 's ? No , I wasn 't . I had heard a great deal about him . Well , thank you . It means so much to me that everybody showed up . It shows how loved Sam really was . Yes , he was . Are you sure we haven 't met before , mister ... ? Vincent . David Vincent . Yes , I 'm sure . Thank you so much for coming . NARRATOR : Carterville , Wyoming . Principle industry : Contemplation of the past . Population : 1,216 people- - all unaware that they have been given back their future .
