 Now let 's get this straight , Mr. Vincent- - you say that a member of the top echelon of government is involved with these people ? Yes , sir . Is he one of these , uh , these aliens or some sort of a fellow traveler ? We don 't know that yet . Would you mind telling me who he is ? Technical advisor to the National Security Council . Arthur Koy ? Arthur Koy has eaten spareribs at my house . He 's played leapfrog with my granddaughters and he skunked me out of $ 24 at five-card stud last Tuesday . We happen to have facts . Nonsense . In the last few weeks , our tracking stations have been picking up evidence of increased saucer landings . In every instance , Arthur Koy happened to be in the exact area where these landings took place . Mr. Scoville , I know your reputation , the work that you 've done for the government , but do you know what you sound like ? Of course we know what we sound like . Do you think this is fun for us ? Mr. Vincent , I have a lifetime of experience with people who know that the enemies of the Republic are hiding under every bed and behind every curtain . You have nothing to lose if you give us the benefit of the doubt , if you listen to us . If you don 't listen to us , if you don 't do anything about this , you 'll have to live with your conscience . Mr. Vincent , don 't you lecture me on my responsibilities . You sashay in here with this outrageous charge against Mr. Koy , and expect me to swallow it whole ? Mr. Koy is a loyal American . I will not subject him to any witch-hunt . You and your kind are the menace , sir , and I seriously question whether you are the sort of man our government ought to give its defense contracts to . Good day , gentlemen . Mr. Vincent , did you forget your briefcase in the senator 's office ? I didn 't have one . Thank you . Oh , no ! Oh ! Oh , dear God ! Oh , no ! NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : Mark Richman ... Susan Oliver ... John Milford ... Kent Smith . NARRATOR : Minutes after the violent death of one of Washington 's most beloved senators , David Vincent and Edgar Scoville are hustled to the office of Special Assistant to the Attorney General- - Andrew M. Hatcher . Mm-hmm . I 'll be with them in a minute . Scoville and Vincent are outside . Oh , well ... Stick around . I think you might find this interesting . You 're going to question suspects in a murder case and you want me here ? Oh , Andy , what are you up to ? Just trying to throw you a bone . Thanks . Have them come in . Come in , please . Mr. Scoville , Mr. Vincent- - Mr. Andrew Hatcher . Gentlemen , have a seat , please . Who planted that bomb ? Do you have any idea ? No , sir , we do not . I 've been going through the notes made by Senator Breeding 's secretary of your conference . You claim that an advisor to the National Security Council is a traitor ... or worse . Have you made these charges with any other government agencies ? No , sir , we haven 't . Well , I suggest that you don 't ... for their sakes . What are you driving at , Mr. Hatcher ? You make reference to " our tracking stations . " You say " we " are trying to stop them . What is this collective entity you keep referring to ? A few people like ourselves . Believers . Believers ? A group , a small group of ordinary people . Ordinary people don 't have tracking stations , Mr. Vincent . I put my facilities at the disposal of the group , Mr. Hatcher . Who are these people ? What are their names ? Where can we ... where can we find them ? I 'm sorry , I can 't tell you that . How many are you ? I can 't tell you that , either . You don 't know ? I can 't tell you . What does your company do , Mr. Scoville ? Research and development in advanced electronics . Laser design , guidance systems . Mm-hmm . Armaments and munitions ? Yes , sir , that , too . I presume that 's what the senator meant when he said that ... " I seriously doubt whether you are the sort of man our government should give its defense contracts to . " Before you get carried away , Mr. Hatcher ... I 'm just trying to be logical , Mr. Scoville . Now surely you couldn 't be unhappy over the death of a powerful enemy . I didn 't consider him an enemy . He was an honest and dedicated man who saw the truth differently from me . He was a man who could have ruined your business , exposed and destroyed you and in your terms , open the way to an invasion of the Earth . Now wasn 't it your duty to eliminate him ? You making an accusation ? What do you think , Mr. Vincent ? You 're looking for a scapegoat . Not a scapegoat , Mr. Vincent ... a murderer . I hope you find him . Thank you for coming down , gentlemen . You 'll be available if we need you ? Of course . All right , Andy . I have a documentary record of the brilliant assistant to the attorney general at work . Or was it play ? Do you want me to print this ? That 's up to you . I thought I was doing you a favor . I 'm never sure whether I can afford your favors . The way I see it is that you 're building yourself a case- - a case without much evidence , but with a great deal of outrage over the death of a beloved senator and you want me to help you make that case , don 't you , Andy ? Now come on , Joan . Aren 't you being a little ... a little bit cynical ? Yep . But then I have good reason to be . One little incident . I 'm sentimental that way . That one little incident nearly wrecked two careers . One of them was mine . Sayonara . Get hold of John Donnelly at NSA . And have him send over the security file on Edgar Scoville . Make that a rush . ( knocking ) Come in . I just spoke with the lab . They 'll have the report on the bomb fragments and the briefcase this afternoon . How 'd it go with Laurel and Hardy ? About what I expected . They had the motive and the opportunity and they 're hooked up with some kind of a underground organization . If those lab reports give us anything at all , we go to the grand jury . Don 't move . Straight ahead . Sit down . Did you come here with a warrant ? That 's not my line of work . What is your line of work ? My name is Joan Seeley . I 'm a reporter . I saw you taking notes in Hatcher 's office this morning . He invited me to stick around . He thought it 'd make a good story . You want us to believe that the press was called in while he was questioning us ? You may not understand it , Mr. Vincent , but yes , I want you to believe it . Ask her how she knew about this place . Senator Breeding 's secretary . You telephoned his office before the meeting and left a call-back number . I had it traced . But don 't worry , I have no intention of letting Hatcher know . Why not ? He wants to hang you . I just want a story . Oh , you want us to share our secrets with you ? I know you don 't trust me , but you 're going to have to . Why ? Because you are in trouble . You come into Senator Breeding 's office ranting about ... about invaders from outer space . You accuse an advisor to the NSC of being one of them . You even have an organization set up to combat these aliens . Hatcher could hang you from a ... from a sour apple tree . We 'll worry about him when the time comes . You better worry about him now . While you 're out shadowboxing with ghosts , you 're about to be clobbered by a man who has a very large talent for this sort of thing and an ego to match . I still think Hatcher sent her . Let 's give her a story to take back . Come with us . Our control room . We gather intelligence on the aliens here . We track their space routes and their landings . We try to break their codes . Plan our own actions . It 's impressive . But not convincing . You know what Andrew Hatcher could do with this ? Why , he 'd have front page headlines all over the country . " Secret group led by mad industrialist in a plot to overthrow the government . " Jim ? Hmm ? You want to run that new film for Miss Seeley ? Yeah , sure . Sit here , please . This is a film we got back from the lab an hour ago . Arthur Koy . He just had a two-hour session with the National Security Council . Koy 's companion is an alien . Oh ? What 's he giving him ? A report on the latest developments in communication interruption devices . Why that ? We don 't know yet . We 're working on it now . They 've had four meetings with him in the last two weeks . This is the first time they 've given him something . Money ? Koy has no need of that . My guess is it 's an operational plan- - something that Koy would be in a position to program for them . Well , what would a journalist have to say about that ? Why , that a top government advisor and a childhood friend exchanged letters . We 've seen the man before . He 's an alien . Can you prove that ? ( phone rings ) Yes ? When ? All right . Do whatever you can to hold it up . We 'll get there as quickly as possible . Koy just made a 10 : 00 P.M. plane reservation for Paris . That means we have to move now . Will you take me with you ? You 've seen enough . You can go back to Hatcher now . Listen to me , I am trying to tell you something . Andy Hatcher and I grew up in this town together . Three years ago , he leaked a story to me about the impending federal indictment of a United States Congressman , one George Neely . The day after I turned in my story , all the other papers picked it up . Yes , I remember that . I was in Washington at the time . Well , then you also remember that the story wasn 't true . The indictment was never sought . Hatcher 's real target was a group of lobbyists close to the congressman and he leaked the story to me just to try to scare them off . Now , gentlemen , you are his steppingstones . David ? All right , stay with us . We 'll , uh , move at 7 : 00 . ( door opens ) Lab report just came in . The bomb was made from a new type of explosive charge called caldonite . There 's only one plant in the country that produces caldonite- - Scoville 's . They 'll say it was stolen from them or purchased . We need more than that . We have something more- - a witness . Dr. Frederickson , I 'd like you to meet Mr. Hatcher . Dr. Frederickson , I understand you have some information for us . Yes , sir . Up until today , I was a member of the believers . I want to tell you about them . Don 't move . Put the envelope on the floor . David ! Hi , there . Your receptionist is out to lunch and so I took over . I can see that . More material for your monthly ax job on the ruthless and ambitious Andrew Hatcher , hmm ? Did I say that ? ( chuckles ) I don 't know . Who writes your column ? Oh , Andy . We used to be friends once , remember ? I remember very well . Joan ... Yes , Andy ? Why did you really come down here ? You are beyond saving . I mean , why did you come here ? Because , Andy , I like you . Because I want to stop you from doing something that 's going to end up hurting you . ( chuckles ) Such as , hmm ? Prosecuting Edgar Scoville . Oh , that . Well , it isn 't just Scoville . I 'm going to nail all of them . Even if they 're telling the truth ? It 's a lie , Joan . On the face of it , it 's a lie . I have evidence . What evidence ? Does your evidence encompass Arthur Koy ? Because on Tuesday , Scoville and Vincent charged Koy with conspiring with the aliens and on Wednesday , he ticketed himself on a flight to Paris . Which he never took . Well , I can draw several inferences from that . I can make a couple of others that might not match yours . Joan , you are chasing the wrong fox . Won 't you at least listen to them ? Won 't you let them come here and show you their evidence ? That would only prejudice their case . The grand jury meets one hour from now . If they return an indictment , they 'll have ample opportunity to defend themselves . And , uh ... you will have ample opportunity to put on your usual vaudeville show . ( chuckles ) So , what else is new ? I 'm sorry , Andy . I really came here meaning to be friends . Oh , yeah , sure . It sounds like it . Can we ? You mean , can we recapture the past ? Well , um , rediscover it maybe . What are you doing tonight ? I 'm going to be at The Tiki Club at 6 : 00 . And if you think that we can stop slugging each other for an hour or two , I 'll buy you a drink . All right . ( phone ringing ) Hello . David , this is Joan . He 's going to the grand jury in an hour , but I did set up the other thing . You didn 't mention Koy , did you ? No . That 's up to you . All right . We 'll be ready . And you were at this meeting with " Edgar Scoville " David Vincent , James Bolin , Anne Lampierre , " Alexander Goldman , Bonita Morrow and John Merritt " ? Yes , sir . Was some decision reached at this meeting- - some decision regarding Senator Robert Breeding ? Yes , sir . It was decided that Vincent and Scoville would go to Senator Breeding and demand that he take action against Koy . I see . And if he failed , was there a contingency plan- - some plan to be carried out in case Scoville and Vincent failed ? Yes , sir . What was it ? Dr. Frederickson . To kill him . The witness will be returned to custody . Dr. Stanley Frederickson , we 've never heard of him . He testified that you planned Breeding 's murder at a meeting a month ago . Where is he now ? They 're holding him in protective custody . He named you , Scoville , and five others . They 've known about this all along . This was a setup . Kill Breeding , blame it on us and get rid of us for good . Problems . What ? While she 's here ? I want her to hear it . The papers we took from Koy 's safe are in a multiple series . They 're top secret code . We broke through the first layer , the easiest one . I want her to hear this . They 're planning a general assault . Wait a minute . Does it say that specifically ? No . That and the time and the place and the method are buried in the other layers . We 've got to find a way to crack them . How did you draw your conclusions ? We learned some months ago that they tip a general assault by withdrawing their key men from the field . They 've begun to do that . The stuff we broke consists of orders for a general pullback . They 've ended their reconnaissance , David . They 're going to make an all-out attack . How soon ? We don 't know yet and we don 't know how they 're going to do it . That 's why they killed Breeding- - to frame us now . We 've got to stay free to break the rest of this code . Is there anyone who can stop this indictment ? Evening , Mr. Hatcher . George , I 'm sorry to have to break this up , but Miss Seeley belongs to me tonight . Professionally ? Of course . Let 's see , George . How good 's your memory ? Daiquiri for Miss Seeley , bourbon on the rocks for you . Very good . We need you in our state department . ( pedal-steel guitar playing Polynesian melody ) Take your coat ? Thank you . George . Well ... Well , Andy , how long has it been ? Much too long . You 're just saying that 'cause I look so sexy tonight . Indeed , you do . Whose , uh , whose turn is it ? Let 's see now . Last time was about three years ago . Yeah . In the words of that old song , " What happened to us ? " I lost you to the American public . You became a great man , guardian of the public weal , to whom , in his honorable cause , all misdeeds were permitted . And you ? Me ? I became 30 years old and I decided it was time to find a permanent mate . But you didn 't . That 's true . After you , it was a little bit difficult . Then , uh ... I couldn 't have been all bad . You were , but you spoiled me anyway . Would you like to come back to my place ? To a house full of hidden tape recorders and the ghosts of political victims ? Uh-uh . I have a new place . We might be comfortable there . So I said to him , " No ... it only hurts when I stand up . " Oh , uh , dear , unexpected guests . Forgive me , Andy . It 's all part of the game . But I can 't help you , gentlemen . I suggest you get an attorney . There 's no time for that . Mr. Scoville , you may have the idea- - possibly reinforced by what Miss Seeley told you- - that I have some dictatorial authority in this case . Well , I don 't . I don 't like having to prosecute a man of your stature and reputation , but I 'm charged by law with doing so . You 're charged by law with finding the truth . Not in our system . Judges and juries find the truth . My job is to make a case and it 's your lawyer 's job to make a better one if he can . A prosecutor makes his reputation in court . Now , if he were to suddenly send Mr. Breeding 's murderers to prison ... if he were to break a conspiracy or two along the way it wouldn 't hurt your political career at all , would it ? Is there something wrong with that ? Only that you haven 't found a conspiracy nor the murderers . Invaders from outer space ? Yes . Well , you 'll have your chance to prove it . Now , Mr. Hatcher ... if , uh , we prove it to you now , here , will you listen to us ? Go ahead . And if we convince you of the danger , will you kill the indictment ? I 'll , uh , listen to what you have to say . We took these from Arthur Koy 's safe . They 're copies of orders , in code . We broke the code- - enough to find out that there is an alien assault about to begin . What happened to Koy ? I had to kill him . You won 't find a body . He was an alien ; he incinerated . They 're about to destroy the world . It could happen tomorrow ; it could happen before you leave this room . We can break the rest of the code if you 'll give us enough time so please , in God 's name help us stop them . All right . And what about the grand jury ? They 're not due back till tomorrow afternoon . I 'll reconvene them in the morning and ... I 'll withdraw the charge . Andy ... uh ... thank you . Good night , Joan . Praise God . Well , we may have bought ourselves a little time , but we still have to break that code- - if it 's not too late . Hello , John ? It 's Andy . Well , we have them solid now . Murder ... and conspiracy to commit the murder of Arthur Koy . Well , I 'll tell you how . Send the lab out to Koy 's house . Vincent 's fingerprints will be all over the living room . Draft a new indictment and have those warrants ready to serve . I want them all in custody by tomorrow noon . " On the charges of murder and conspiracy to commit murder " the grand jury declares that the following " be brought into custody " and bound over for trial : David Vincent , " Edgar Scoville , James Bolin , " Anne Lampierre , " Bonita Morrow , Alexander Goldman , John Merritt . " Let 's get moving . I 'll get out the arrest warrants . Well , what 's the rest of it ? That 's as far as we can get . This machine 's all right for simple codes , but it can 't handle this . You 'd better tell the others . I already have . How much time is there ? I don 't know . I can 't tell from that . Are you sure this isn 't a phony ? I 'm sure . They 've learned how to control the ultrasound weapon . It matches what our own people have been pointing toward- - a highly sensitive transmission device working on an undetectable band , activated simultaneously from three different points with the ability to kill every living creature on Earth instantly , without pain , without sound , without destruction of anything but ... life . If we can destroy those transmission centers- - any one of them- - we can break the circuit . But we have to find them first . Right now , we 're at point zero . ( knock at door ) Forgive me . I had to come . What is it ? The grand jury is in . They 've returned an indictment . Hatcher is issuing warrants for your arrest . I thought he was going to stop it . He never intended to . He went back to the grand jury this morning and he just tacked on your confession of last night- - murder , conspiracy to commit murder . I 'm sorry , David . Oh , this is just great . The aliens have a weapon that can destroy the whole world . We 'll all die if they 're not stopped . Doesn 't Hatcher understand that ? He doesn 't believe you ! We can 't depend on anyone but ourselves now . We have to find out when they plan to launch the attack , where those transmitters are . We have to break the rest of the code . Look , with this machine , it may not be possible . There are too many combinations . What about the new computer- - would that help ? It might . All right . You and David go there . It 's 20 miles north of here at the new research facility . It isn 't opened yet , so nobody 'll bother you . I 'll try to reach the others . We 'll stay in contact through the warfield line . The police will be looking for you . I know that . You 're going to have to get into this . Step behind the hedge . Mr. Scoville ? Edgar Scoville ? Halt ! Some day , a lot of people are going to find out the most important fact about you . Oh ? What 's that ? You can 't be trusted- - about anything . You are a liar and a cheat . That should make good reading in the Times . Oh ... it will . And it won 't hurt your career any , will it ? Is that what you think this is all about- - we stand here and trade insults while the world is coming to an end ? Why ? Because your little squad of believers says so ? You 've been brainwashed . I saw them ! You think you 've seen them . Andy , I saw Koy shot and burn up and turn into ashes in about one second flat . I don 't believe you . Tell me something , Andy . What if you 're wrong ? Are you crazy ? Are you ? You were at the grand jury hearing . You heard the testimony . That was a frame-up . Okay , you 're a reporter . I 'm going to give you a chance to work at it . Tell Barrows we 're coming right down . Come on . Where are we going ? To meet a believer . I hope these computers give us a few answers . They will , they will . Barrows ? Where 's Frederickson ? The bathroom . You want us to speed him up ? No , finish your hand . Maybe you better get him out of there . Dr. Frederickson ? Dr. Frederickson ? Get somebody up on the roof . Cordon off the area . Andy ... you 're not going to find him . Ashes . Sound familiar ? He guessed why you were coming . Time is running out , Andy . Call off the hunt . Merritt and Morrow tried to crash a roadblock outside of Philadelphia . Merritt 's in the jug . They killed Morrow . Tell them , Andy . Tell them to call it off . Tell them the truth . Andy , you have got to tell them the truth . What truth ? You saw the ashes . It was a trick . He escaped . It was just another trick . You can 't think about your career because you won 't have a career . They are going to destroy the whole world . Andy , in the name of heaven ! You , uh ... hear about Merritt and Morrow ? Yeah . There 's more . Bolin and Vincent were sighted heading north on Alternate Route 7- - the Meridian-Harpersburg bypass . That 's all seven of them . I 'd like your authority to send the state police into the area . You have it . Ready ? Ready . Replace line " A , " series " B " with second parallel overlay . Now cross out AB-6 through CD-4 . CD what ? CD-4 . All right . Now read it back . ( sighs ) " General withdrawal " will commence at 0600 hours , March 15 , and end 1200 hours , March 20 . " Control One will assume command of Red-Eye Facility . " Control Two will retain command of the Triangle Facility . " Control Three will assume command of the central transmitter at Regency Nine . " Regency Nine ... let me see ... Regency Nine is the Wyndham Hotel . They have the transmitter in the Wyndham Hotel right here in town . Read the rest of it . " Attack will commence 2200 hours , March 22 . " That 's tonight . Five hours from now . David , the police- - they 're on their way up here . I couldn 't stop Hatcher . Let 's go . No , wait . Listen , let me take your car and then they 'll follow me . Yeah , that 's good . All right , be careful . ( tires screeching ) Oh , my God ... Come on . Come on ! Hello , Andy . Hello , Joan . I never did apologize for playing that trick on you at the house . There 's ... no need to apologize . I ... I deserved it . No , Andy . You deserve better , but I 'm afraid ... it 's too late now . Joan ... it isn 't late at all . Listen ... we 're going to start all over from the beginning and do right it this time . You know ... you 're the only man that ever meant anything to me and yet it seems that we did nothing but fight . I guess , maybe , it 's what we both needed . People are funny , you know ? But it 's too late . The morning will be here soon . I wonder if you could look at it for me . Joan ... you 'll see it for yourself . I always liked your confidence , Andy . Please don 't feel bad . It doesn 't matter anymore , because there 's not much time left for anybody . It isn 't true , Joan . Yes , it is , Andy . You know it is . You knew it when you saw the ashes . You knew it ... and you couldn 't act . You were hoping that it would all prove to be untrue like a nightmare . But you and I saw it , didn 't we , Andy ? Help you , gentlemen ? Yeah , the phone company . We want to check your wire box . The lines been crossing the residential lines in the neighborhood . That 's news to me . Who did we talk to ? Uh , Haskins , right ? Mr. Haskins . Want to talk to him ? Haskins went off duty half an hour ago . Where am I going to find him ? Well , I don 't much care . Uh , I don 't own stock in the place . You want to collect yourselves tomorrow , call us back , huh ? Uh , wait a minute . Go ahead . Thanks . Can I help you , fellas ? DAVID : Telephone company . Well , the phone box is out in the back . This is the generator plant . What 's that ? Oh , this is just an instrument used to measure the free electrical impulses radiating from the phone lines . You 've got quite a problem here . Yeah ? Well , how come I never heard of that problem when I worked for the phone company ? The high voltage in there- - it 's interfering with the meters . Last stage . It 's on automatic now . ( gunshot ) ( gunshot ) Tell Hatcher ... I 'll wait for him in hell . ( high-pitched humming ) She 's dead . ( sighs ) She did what she had to do . I did , too . You can see that . Sure , I can see that . Put a few people in prison , a few more in hospitals and a few more in cemeteries . But you didn 't know . There 's no way of knowing if you were wrong or if you were right . I 'm sorry . I just ... There 's no time for that . What can I do ? You can help us . They 'll try to rebuild that transmitter . You can give us your help . All right . I 'll do what I can . NARRATOR : And now , Andrew M. Hatcher joins David Vincent in his struggle against the invaders . Edgar Scoville will recover from his wounds and these three will be in the vanguard , leading the fight against the aliens from space- - invaders who must be stopped .
