 NARRATOR : An uncharted island in the Baltic one hour after dawn . Thor Halvorsen , symbol of the world 's dream for peace keeps a fateful appointment . You are Thor Halvorsen ? Yes . Secretary Rosmundson , Vice Chancellor Alquist . Your people have been in contact with him , I believe . That 's right . And you were satisfied with the demonstration ? Completely . And you still want me to offer this substance to the world ? Yes . With one condition- - that our presence here is not revealed . Understood . And you 're prepared to go ahead with the plan . In all frankness , it 's been a difficult decision to make ... but I feel we must . I will arrange the invitations to go out today , and since they will be addressed to the various heads of state , the usual diplomatic delay will be eliminated . Good . Then I think we 've concluded our business . The chauffeurs- - they 're witnesses . Mine is one of ours . I 'll take care of the other . ( electronic buzzing ) NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now , David Vincent knows that the invaders are here , that they 've taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : William Windom ... Eduard Franz ... with special guest star Michael Rennie ... and Diana Hyland as Ellie Markham . NARRATOR : A man toils late into the night- - a man whose job is only a necessary delay in performing his own self-assigned mission . But that mission- - doing battle with the most dangerous enemy in the history of the Earth- - may be resumed at any moment . MAN : Vincent ! What do you want ? A friend of yours wants to see you- - Michael Tressider . Well , why didn 't he call first ? We 'll take you to him . Stand up . All right , let 's go . Mike Tressider . That was a dangerous stunt you pulled . That was no stunt . You know me better than that . The country 's largest defense contractor doesn 't go around acting like a gangster out of The Untouchables . I had to talk to you , and I think my phones are being tapped . There are public phones . Look , I am sorry , but it 's taken me two weeks to track you down this far . I have no intention of losing you . Besides , I saw no reason to put your life in jeopardy as well as mine by meeting you in a public place . What jeopardy ? Three weeks ago ... I was nearly run down by a- - by a laundry truck . I did manage to get the license number . So ? There was no such laundry , nor had that particular license number ever been issued . You think it 's aliens . Yeah . That 's why I picked you up . And I think it 's a lot more dangerous than it was with that sabotage business a year ago . Driver . It seems to be touching a nerve . What ? You look like you 've aged ten years . ( sighs ) I haven 't been able to concentrate on anything for weeks ... particularly since I heard about the radiation . Well , I haven 't heard- - what ... what radiation ? Oh , they 've kept it hush-hush to avoid a panic , but ... but if the level of radioactivity continues increasing at its present rate , in six months ' time , this Earth will be unfit for human life . Then it 's worldwide . Except for one small part of Scandinavia . There , the radiation level has dropped perceptively . Well , according to the papers , that 's where they 've had a rash of UFO sightings . Exactly . Anyway , I 've applied for permission to the Pentagon to make a little investigative trip over there , and I want you to go with me . What are we supposed to find there ? Proof that the aliens are ... using that particular little corner of the world for their headquarters . And from their headquarters , they 're trying to destroy the world with radioactivity . I don 't think there 's any doubt , and in a few months ' time if we don 't do something about it ... We 'll all be dead . Car , please . The Americans are last . He 'll have to agree . Having to come here delays things a bit . Not badly . Anyhow , without the United States , there is no conference . I imagine the problem lies with the Chinese participation . He 'll still have to agree . He has an election coming up . White House . My friend here has what we call a desk job . I 'm afraid he takes it literally . Do you wish to see General Blaine ? I have an appointment with him . I 'm Michael Tressider . ELLIE : Oh , yes , Mr. Tressider . Well , he 's on a long-distance call right now . He should be off shortly . May I fix you some coffee ? Thank you . TRESSIDER : That 's fine . I don 't care for any , thanks . Cream and sugar 's there if you like . Right . I 'll , uh , see you later , Ellie . Oh , you forgot your cigarettes . And could you lend me one ? I seem to be out . Take a couple . I 'll see you back at the hotel . ( phone buzzes ) Yes ? Yes , he is . The general will see you now . Hello , Jake . How are you ? Uh , grab a chair . I 'll be with you in a second . The answer is no , Michael . I 'm sorry , but that 's definite . A couple of weeks ago , you told me there wouldn 't be any problem . Well , that was a couple of weeks ago , but somebody over at State changed their mind . Why ? Why so suddenly ? I suppose it has to do with not wanting to rock the diplomatic boat . Thor Halvorsen just met with the President about a proposed big power conference . I 've just heard the President 's going . Halvorsen 's here ? And I have a hunch the State Department would rather not have you snooping around his backyard while he 's being ushered in through the front door of the White House . What 's the meeting about ? Well , so far it 's been very hush-hush , but Halvorsen has a news conference scheduled for this afternoon . All right , Jake . Thanks a lot . I 'll be in touch . Michael ... uh , are you sure you don 't want to tell me what you 're after ? Mm-mm . I don 't want to scare you out of my corner . ( sitar music playing ) WOMAN : Hey ! You 're not supposed to be back here ! ( car engine starting ) ( tires screeching ) MAN : David Vincent is your enemy . Do you understand ? I understand . You must kill him . You will wait in the lobby . When he comes in , you will take this gun ... and you will kill him . I will take this gun , and I will kill him . David . CLERK : Hey , let me through . You all right , mister ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . I 'd better get the police . No , wait a minute ; you don 't understand . It wasn 't his fault . Mister , this guy tried to kill you , didn 't he ? He pulls stunts like this when he gets loaded . Yeah , but he just took a shot at you . I 'll walk him around the block and sober him up a little . It 's your life , mister . ( groans ) It 's all right . It 's a flesh wound- - in and out . David , I ... I don 't know wh-what happened . You had a gun . You shot me . I know . I remember ... but I didn 't want to . I ... I didn 't mean to . Well , not exactly the , uh , lap of luxury , is it ? It 'll do ... unless they followed us here . Well , let me have another look at that shoulder , will you ? You think they will follow us ? I think they probably thought that hypnosis gambit took care of both of us . Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Well , it almost did . They 're going to keep trying . You know that , don 't you ? It 's almost 8 : 00 . Let 's see if that newscast has anything on Halvorsen 's press conference . I still can 't believe that Halvorsen would have anything to do at all with aliens . Well , he 's an old man . Sometimes old men do strange things . Ghandi , Hammarskjöld , Nehru , Halvorsen- - they 're legends , all of them . NEWSCASTER : ... will be held next week . Reliable sources in the State Department say that the United States' acceptance of Premier Halvorsen 's bid for the important meeting has assured the acceptance and attendance of the other big five powers . Now here is Premier Halvorsen at his press conference held just a few hours ago . It can be no secret that in the past six months , atmospheric radiation has been climbing to a dangerous , almost fatal level . That man- - the one behind Halvorsen ... What about him ? He 's the one . He 's the one I saw at the art gallery- - the lieutenant . The younger one ? That 's Peer Alquist , Halvorsen 's chief aide . HALVORSEN : ... has produced its rewards . Two weeks ago I was presented with the news that they had been successful in developing an anti-radioactivity pollutant . This pollutant , which we call AR-5 , successfully eliminates the toxic elements in the radiation-poisoned air . The purpose of our meeting next week is to hold a public demonstration of AR-5 and discuss its distribution to every corner of the Earth . Meanwhile , the crisis in Southeast Asia is worsening . Are you sure that 's the man you saw in the gallery ? Mike , I 'm positive . Just wonder if Halvorsen knows he 's an alien . You don 't even know that for sure . One thing he does know- - this business of the pollutant this AR-5 , whatever he calls it- - he knows that 's a lie . What do you mean ? Why ? Because it just couldn 't be . Halvorsen 's country is too small . It 's too poor . Their technology simply couldn 't come up with anything like this AR-5 . Then what ? I don 't know , a smoke screen , maybe . Anything to keep us from worrying about radioactivity until it doesn 't matter anymore . The aliens don 't want to take over a world that 's contaminated with radioactivity . Maybe they 've figured out how to live with it . I think they have something else in mind . Now , you 've got to make sure we 're at the summit conference . Well , how do you expect me to do that ? Any way you can . ( clearing throat ) General Blaine , please . But these people have proven their good faith . You were at the tests . You saw . I saw steel needles move on complex electronic equipment , but I know that machines can be made to lie . Have you any reason to believe they lied ? No . Then do not worry about placing your faith in these alien people . Only let your faith in me continue . I would be lost without it , my friend . Am I interrupting something ? I 'm afraid Secretary Rosmundson continues to have his doubts . They say that courage retreats before the onslaught of old age . Thor , please , think about what I 've said . I always have . ( sighs ) ( door opens , then closes ) You think he 'll take any action ? I don 't know what you mean . If he objects strongly to the conference , he may try to interfere . A conspiracy ? You got me down here in the middle of the night to feed me that kind of melodramatic nonsense ? Oh , Michael , Michael . Jake , an attempt has been made on my life and on the life of Mr. Vincent here . He can show you the bullet hole . I 'm not asking for an investigation . All I want from you is a favor ! All right . All right ! Let 's hear it . I want you to get me assigned to the President 's conference mission . Is that all ? Are you sure you don 't want a cabinet post , too ? Calm down , Jake . It isn 't that tough . I 've been assigned to these diplomatic missions before , and it should be easy for you to get a temporary clearance for Mr. Vincent here , too . I am sorry . I just can 't do it . All right , Jake , forget it . I 'll see the President myself . All right . I 'll see what I can do . Let 's go . Excuse me , Miss Markham . That lieutenant who was in your office earlier today- - what 's his name ? Do you realize how many junior officers are wandering around the Pentagon looking for a friendly desk to sit on ? He was no transient . What 's this all about ? As a matter of fact , he said he 'd call you later . He could have said he 'd marry me in the morning . It doesn 't mean I know who he is . I think I rather resent this third-degree . You 're a little out of line , Vincent . I 've known Miss Markham since she was born . Her late father served under me from Anzio North . I 'd trust her with my life . I 'm sorry , Jake . My friend here sometimes does get a bit carried away , but let me say in his defense that usually with good reason . Well , not this time . Come on . Miss Markham . You 'd better watch it . Your paranoia 's beginning to show . Listen , I saw that lieutenant in Blaine 's office earlier . While I was following him , he spotted me in the art gallery . He could have gotten the name of our hotel from her . Or I could have been followed , by anyone . All right . Seriously , you 'd better watch your step . Suspecting our friends isn 't going to get us anywhere . Well , it 's kept me alive for the last two years . ( steam hissing ) ( lock clicking ) Open the door . Please . It 's too hot in here . ( tapping door ) Let me out . Hey ! Help me ! I regret the late hour , gentlemen , but Premier Halvorsen does not retire until 11 : 00 . However , I believe our business here can be concluded shortly . ( door opening ) I should like to announce that the last opposition to the successful conclusion of our assignment here has now been removed . Secretary Rosmundson has met with a most unfortunate accident . ( door opening ) I 'm glad you were able to make it . I was afraid perhaps there had been some difficulty . A small difficulty ... but it can be dealt with . All clear ? All right , I 'm being a little overcautious . Oh , I brought you the documents assigning you to the mission . Thank you . Well , now that you know we 're on the same side , perhaps you could tell me what side that is . No , sorry . Me , too . After all , if we 're going through all this cloak and dagger routine you obviously figure there 's danger . If there 's danger , that means I 'm involved , too . There 's no danger for you . I would like to help if I knew how . All right . Begin by telling me how that lieutenant knew your name . Look , if I 'm being accused of something , I would like to know what it is . Have dinner with me tonight . Why ? My way of apologizing . And you 'll tell me everything . Maybe . Which means you won 't , but that 's all right . I 'm at the Monument Park , Apartment Five . How about 8 : 00 ? 8 : 00 is fine . I think you 'd better leave now . I 'll wait a few minutes . Oh , yes , the cloak and dagger . Well , I 'll see you later . Yes . Yes , Vincent , too . I want you to kill both of them and this time , I won 't tolerate any mistakes . I 'll take care of everything . Don 't worry . Worrying is for you to do , and I want them disposed of by tonight . Now that they have the papers , they could leave anytime . You 're to see that they don 't . LIEUTENANT : I 'll need help , sir . Contact Ellie Markham , and I want to question Tressider before you kill him . If he 's been talking to anyone besides Blaine , I want to know who . I 'll give you the approach when I 've worked it out . Just let me know when you 've got Tressider . Uh , yes , sir . Well , do you want to talk about it ? What ? What 's making you so jumpy- - that 's what . All right . Knute Rosmundson is dead . They killed him . Exactly . Halvorsen 's right hand for 25 years . Well , I was supposed to see Blaine later and get briefed on the conference . I called him . He wasn 't in . When he calls me back , I am going to cancel out . Why ? Because this is more than just two of us can handle , that 's why . It 's a little late for all that , don 't you think ? I 'll take everything we know to the CIA . You know how they 'll react . We have nothing to prove . We have nothing we can prove . That 's exactly my point . We have gotten absolutely nowhere , and now it 's really getting dangerous . I get half sick when I think how close I came to killing you . But you didn 't kill me , and we are getting someplace . We 're going to that conference . No , no . I am not going and you aren 't going either . It looks to me like you 're running scared . David , I , uh ... I built a business once . My competitors call it an empire . I built it from a ... $ 300 debt into a multimillion-dollar operation . Now , I didn 't manage that by running scared . Will you come on ? I spent four years in the war carrying a gun , not a pencil . I did well enough there , too but this ... this is something else , isn 't it , huh ? Two men against ... Well , you know exactly what we 're up against- - an enemy we can 't even recognize . That 's why we have to keep going . The odds are out of reach . If we give up , there are no odds . There is no ball game . ( phone ringing ) Hello . Just a minute . General Blaine . Hello ? Yes , thank you . Jake , uh , I 'm sorry to disturb you this late . Uh ... I just wanted to confirm exactly what time you 're going to send that man to pick me up . ( laughing ) Well ... Hmm . Oh , yes . Yes , yes , very nice . Mm-hmm . It 's an apartment . Yes , yeah , I noticed that . Scotch and water ? All right . Oh , that was a divine little restaurant . I 'll have to remember it . For future escorts ? Well , I do date occasionally . ( giggles ) I think the last date I had was back in 1963 . Well , judging by that and the fact that you 're a vodka drinker , that scotch must be pretty well aged . Oh , you 're a detective as well as a spy . " Spy " is your word . What would you call you ? Impatient for that drink . I 'm not only beautiful , but my timing is great . Did you find anything ? What ? You 've been checking the room . Did you find anything ? Yes , exactly what I was looking for- - dust on the books . Who has time to read ? Oh , you want a twist in that , don 't you ? No , I don 't- - don 't bother . No bother . You see , I ... I had this lemon lying around for a few weeks , and it smells strange . Well , I 'd better see what you mean by strange . Uh-oh . What happened ? Oh , it 's nothing . Let me see . No , really , it 's nothing at all . Nasty cut . No blood . You 're one of them , aren 't you ? Aren 't you ? ! Yes , I am ... but there 's something you don 't know . I 'll bet . There 's no point in calling anyone . I 'll handle this my way . Police department . Then I 'll have to destroy myself . You won 't make a move . I won 't have to . I can do it standing right here- - no traces , no evidence . You 'll have a hard time explaining that call . Now maybe we can talk some sense . Begin . I 'm on your side- - at least in this . You said something about talking sense . I can see no matter what I say , you 're not going to believe me . Why should I ? You need this planet . Your people want to take over , don 't they ? Correct . That means eliminating everybody , including me . Absolutely correct , Mr. Vincent . But you 're on my side . " In this , " is what I said . The operation my people are planning is extremely hazardous . In my opinion , it can only backfire . Why tell me ? Because I can 't go to them- - they 'd destroy me . Why won 't their plan work ? Because it will alert your people to our presence here and unite them against us before we 've arrived in sufficient numbers to complete our takeover . It 's not the radioactivity , is it ? No , of course not . We need Earth for colonization . Then why ? What are you trying to do ? This summit conference is a fraud . They just want to get everyone together . Who ? The delegations from all the countries attending- - heads of state , top assistants right on down the line . Why ? So that they can kill them . A mass coup d 'etat . We have men in each country ready to take over as soon as assassination takes place , except that I know that it 's not going to be as simple as they think . It 's the only reason why I 'm telling you this so that perhaps together we can stop it . Is Halvorsen part of this ? No . He 's just being used . I have no reason to believe you . My assignment tonight was to kill you . You never got the chance . Your friend , Tressider- - they 're going to kill him tonight . He 's supposed to meet General Blaine tonight . Is Blaine one of yours ? Is Blaine one of yours ? No . Where are they taking Tressider ? I don 't know ... Where are they taking him ? ! I don 't know . I swear , I don 't . Maybe I can stop them . ( phone ringing ) Hello . It 's too late . Mr. Tressider ? General Blaine sent you ? Right this way , sir . Where are we going ? General Blaine wanted to be sure that your meeting was secret . We just crossed over into Virginia . Tell him to stop the car . Mr. Tressider , I 'm sorry . I can 't do that . Lieutenant ... stop this car . ( Hammer cocking ) Yes , I know , but Vincent told me something that I have to tell General Blaine before the Tressider matter 's taken care of . Look , I 'm terribly sorry , but my orders are to report to General Blaine and no one else . I don 't care who you check with . I have to contact General Blaine . Yeah . No , I know that , but I 've never been there . Uh-huh . Yes . And then make a right turn ? Good . Thank you . Virginia . An old factory that was shut down a few years back . Let 's go . What 's the matter ? Do you think I 'm going to walk you into some sort of trap ? I don 't know . Well , Jake , you 're not one of them , so you must be selling out . Selling out ? Just words , Michael . We all sellout . Not all . No , you could have been one of the great scientific minds of this century . Instead , you wind up a businessman . Well , I can 't blame you , of course . The Nobel money 's nothing compared to a fat government contract . But I 'd still call it a sellout . If I sold out to anyone , it was myself , not my country , not everything I believed in . Well , maybe it depends on what you believe in . Me , I believe in what counts these days- - strength , power . You had both . With one star ? I get my name on a door and a $ 600 a month pension . I 'm talking real power . You 're talking treason . You haven 't got much time , have you , Jake ? I guessed you were working with them , so I called the President . I told him about you and Alquist . By now , the CIA is on the move . You 're bluffing . Are you sure ? We 'll let Alquist decide that . If he hasn 't already been picked up . He 'll be here . What 's the matter ? Can 't you handle me by yourself ? We 're waiting for Alquist . You know something , Jake ? Even in this army , all you rate is one star . Shut up , Tressider . All right . We 'll wait for Alquist . That 's right . ALQUIST : Not anymore . How much further ? A mile or two . ( buzzing ) You lied to General Blaine didn 't you , Mr. Tressider ? No . No , I talked to the President . Tell us the truth , Tressider . Who did you talk to ? I ... I talked ... Go on . I 'm afraid we 're forced to become more direct unless you 're ready to tell us the truth . I already have ! They 're probably on their way here right now . Get him up . ( groaning ) You blink your lights three times or what ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . How do you let them know you 've sprung a trap ? There is no trap . You 've got a friend in there you want to get out . You 're going to have to walk into an armed camp to do it . You won 't be coming . David , if something happens to you , there 's got to be someone who knows what they 're planning , someone who can do something about it . All right ? You still insist on the heroics , Mr. Tressider ? I 've got nothing to tell you . Then I 'll apologize in advance for what we must do . I 'm sure you must be familiar with the technique . After all , it is widely used by your own people . What are you going to do ? In the mental institutions here , I understand it is called shock therapy . However , if it proves ineffective in your case , we shall simply increase the voltage until it is beyond the tolerance of the human body- - a technique used , I understand , in other of your institutions . ( whirring ) Enough , Mr. Tressider ? ( whirring intensifies ) ( whirring ) Do you have anything to say , Mr. Tressider ? I can 't hear you , Mr. Tressider . ( yelling incoherently ) Then I 'm afraid we must increase the voltage . Any more will kill him . That 's unfortunate , General . We should reward his stupidity . We must put an end to his anguish permanently . ( yells ) Hold it ! Vincent ! ( electrical crackling ) ( brakes screeching ) Let 's get him in the car . Will he be all right ? I hope so . ( groaning ) Mike ? We 've got to get to that conference . We 'll be there . Don 't worry . General Blaine ... has ... Look , mike , stop worrying about it . We 'll be there . We have those papers of authorization . Nothing can stop us . ( feeble groan ) Is he all right ? He 's unconscious . We 'll be at a hospital in a few minutes . What are you going to do ? Go home and pack . I have to leave for the conference tomorrow . I 'll see you there . We still working together on this ? We 've done all right so far . I 'll tell you something . I 'm after a lot more than just stopping this takeover . I want to see every one of you off the face of the Earth . I understand . So if the choice comes down to the survival of your kind or mine , I 'll have to destroy you without a second thought . We 're playing by the same set of rules . NARRATOR : A summit conference to be attended by the heads of this world 's major nations . But beings from another world will be there , too , and their purpose will jeopardize the security and the future of the planet Earth .
