 - Standard orbit , captain . - Not now . Lieutenant , contact the space station . - Captain , the station is calling us . - All right , put them on . Captain Kirk , this is Commodore Enwright . Yes , commodore , I 'd like an explanation . The explanation is beaming aboard now , captain . He may already be in your Transporter Room . Spock . - Bob . - Jim , surprised ? I 'll say . Spock , this is ... Commodore Wesley . How do you do , sir ? Mr. Spock . All right , ensign , you can go . Thank you very much . Would you mind telling me what this is all about ? I receive orders to proceed here . No reason given . I 'm informed that my men will be removed to the space station , to a security holding area . I think I 'm entitled to an explanation . You 've had a singular honour conferred on you , Jim . You 're gonna be the fox in the hunt . What 's that ? War games . I 'll be commanding the attack force against you . An entire attack force against my ship ? Have you heard of the M-5 multitronic unit ? That 's Dr. Richard Daystrom 's device , isn 't it ? Tell me about that . The most ambitious computer complex ever created . Its purpose is to correlate all computer activity aboard a starship to provide the ultimate in vessel operation and control . How do you know so much about it , commander ? I hold an A-7 computer expert classification , commodore . I 'm well acquainted with Dr. Daystrom 's theories and discoveries . The basic design of all our ships computers are Dr. Daystrom 's . What has all this got to do with the Enterprise , commodore ? You 've been chosen to test the M-5 , Jim . There 'll be a series of routine research and contact problems for M-5 to solve , plus navigational manoeuvers and the war games problem . If the M-5 works under actual conditions as well as it has in the simulated tests , it will mean a revolution in space technology as great as warp drive . When your crew has been removed , the ship 's engineering section will be modified to contain the computer . - Why remove my crew ? - They 're not needed . How much security does this gadget require ? None . Dr. Daystrom will see to the installation himself and he 'll supervise the tests . When he 's ready , you 'll receive your orders and proceed on the mission with a crew of 20 . Twenty ? - I can 't run a starship with 20 crewmen . - The M-5 can . And what am I supposed to do ? You 've got a great job , Jim . All you have to do is sit back and let the machine do the work . Space , the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its five-year mission : To explore strange , new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilizations , to boldly go where no man has gone before . Captain 's log , stardate 4729.4 . The M-5 computer has been installed onboard ship , and we have left the space station for test manoeuvers . I don 't like it , Jim . A vessel this size cannot be run by one computer . We are attempting to prove that it can run this ship more efficiently than man . Maybe you 're trying to prove that , but don 't count me in on it . The most unfortunate lack in current computer programming is that there is nothing available to immediately replace the starship 's surgeon . Very funny . If it could , they wouldn 't have to replace me . I 'd resign because everybody else aboard would be nothing but circuits and memory banks . You know the type , Spock . Jim , you haven 't had much to say about this . What do you want me to say ? M-5 , it 's an honour , they tell me . Well , I 'm honoured . Where is he ? Scotty , where 's Dr. Daystrom ? Well , he was here . Doctor ? Yes ? - You 'd be Captain Kirk . - Yes , Dr. Daystrom . This is my first officer , Mr. Spock . - I am honoured , doctor . - Thank you very much . Captain , I have finished my tests on the M-5 . And it must be hooked into your main power plants in order to be operative . By all means , do so . Your engineer there wouldn 't allow us the power necessary without your orders . Mr. Scott , hook in the multitronic unit to the ship 's main power banks . Aye , aye , sir . Mr. Harper . Fascinating , doctor . This computer has a potential beyond anything you have ever done . Even your breakthrough in duotronics did not have the promise of this . The M-5 has been perfected , commander . Its potential is a fact . Frankly , the only fact that I 'm concerned about is that if this thing doesn 't work , there are not enough men aboard to run this ship . And that 's begging for trouble . Who is this ? Dr. Leonard McCoy , senior medical officer . I 'm sorry , but this is a security area . I wouldn 't worry , doctor . Dr. McCoy has clearance throughout the ship . - Is it supposed to do that ? - If I can be of assistance , doctor ... No , no , no . Thank you . I can manage . There is nothing wrong , captain . Just a few minor settling-in adjustments to make . As you can see , all is in order now . I 'm curious , doctor . Why is it called M-5 and not M-1 ? Well , you see , the multitronic units 1 through 4 were not entirely successful . This one is . M-5 is ready to take control of the ship . Total control ? That is what it was designed for , captain . There are certain things men must do to remain men . Your computer would take that away . There are other things a man like you might do . Or perhaps you object to the possible loss of the prestige and the ceremony accorded a starship captain . The computer can do your job , and without all that . You 'll have to prove that to me , doctor . That is what we 're here for , isn 't it , captain ? Did you see the love light in Spock 's eyes ? The right computer finally came along . What 's the matter , Jim ? I think that thing is wrong . And I don 't know why . I think it 's wrong , too , replacing men with mindless machines . I don 't mean that . I 'm getting a red alert , right here . That thing is dangerous . I feel ... Only a fool would stand in the way of progress , if this is progress . You have my psychological profiles . Am I afraid of losing my job to that computer ? Jim , we 've all seen the advances of mechanisation . After all , Daystrom did design the computers that run this ship . Under human control . We 're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine , but when it comes to your job , that 's different . And it always will be different . Am I afraid of losing command to a computer ? Daystrom is right . I can do a lot of other things . Am I afraid of losing the prestige and the power that goes with being a starship captain ? Is that why I 'm fighting ? Am I that petty ? Jim , if you have the awareness to ask yourself that question , you don 't need me to answer it for you . Why don 't you ask James T. Kirk ? He 's a pretty honest guy . The M-5 computer is now disengaged . We 're coming back on our original course , captain . M-5 has performed admirably so far , captain . All it 's done is make the required course changes and a few simple turns . Mr. Sulu and Mr. Chekov could have done that with their eyes closed . Yes , but you see , the idea is , they didn 't have to do it . And you 'll find it won 't be necessary for you to regain control of the unit after it 's completed each manoeuver . My orders are subject to my interpretation as to how long the M-5 is in control . And I 'll run the ship in my own way , if you don 't mind , Dr. Daystrom . Captain , I 'm forced to agree with Dr. Daystrom . With the course information plotted into it , his computer could have brought us here as easily as the navigator . In fact , it might have been a further demonstration of M-5 's capability . You seem to enjoy trusting yourself to the computer , Mr. Spock . Enjoy , captain ? No . I am merely gratified to see Dr. Daystrom 's new unit execute everything required of it in such a highly efficient manner . M-5 is another distinguished triumph for his career . Approaching Alpha Carinae II . ETA , five minutes . Captain , your orders at this point are not open to interpretation . You must commit the M-5 to handle its approach , the orbit , and then to analyse data regarding landing-party recommendations . If you don 't mind , I 'll make my own recommendations . Well , if you feel you need the exercise , go on . M-5 is committed . Standard orbit , Mr. Sulu . Captain , the M-5 has calculated that . The orbit is already plotted . Oh , yes . - Standard orbit achieved , captain . - Report , Mr. Spock . The planet is Class-M , captain . Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere suitable for human life support . Two major landmasses , a number of islands , life form readings . Captain , power shutdowns on Deck 4 . Lights , environmental control . Check it out , Scotty . M-5 's readout , captain . All right , my recommendations are as follows . We send down a general survey party , avoiding contact of all intelligent life on the planet surface . The survey party will consist of myself , Dr. McCoy , Astrobiologist Phillips , Geologist Rawlens , and Science Officer Spock . Play M-5 's recommendations , won 't you , Mr. Spock ? M - 5 readout . Planet Alpha Carinae II . Class-M . Atmosphere oxygen-nitrogen . Power 's gone off on Deck 5 . Categorization of life form readings recorded . Recommendations for general survey party . Science Officer Spock , Astrobiologist Phillips , Geologist Carstairs . Well , the only difference in reports and recommendations is the landing party personnel . That 's a matter of judgement . Judgement , captain ? The computer does not judge . It makes logical selections . Why pick Carstairs instead of Rawlens ? Carstairs is an ensign , no experience . This is his first tour of duty . Rawlens is chief geologist . Aren 't you really more interested in why M-5 did not select you and Dr. McCoy ? Well , let 's find out anyway . - M-5 , tie in . - M-5 . Explanation for landing party recommendation . General survey party requires direction of Science Officer , Astrobiologist Phillips has surveyed 29 biologically similar planets . Geologist Carstairs served on merchant marine freighters in this area . Once visited planet on geology survey for mining company . Why were the captain and chief medical officer not included in recommendation ? Non-essential personnel . Captain , I 've located the source of the power shutdowns . It 's the M-5 unit , sir . That thing 's turning off systems all over the ship . Have you located the malfunction , doctor ? As I suspected , it is not a malfunction . M-5 was merely shutting down power to areas of the ship that do not require it . Decks 4 and 6 are living quarters , are they not ? - Yes , that 's correct . - And currently unoccupied . I am not familiar with these instruments , doctor . You are using an entirely new type of control mechanism . However , it appears to me this unit is drawing more power than before . Quite right . As the unit is called upon to do more work , it pulls more power to enable it to do what is required of it , just as the human body draws more energy to run than to stand still . Doctor , this unit is not a human body . The computer can process information , but only the information which is put into it . Granted it can work 1,000 , a million times faster than the human brain . But it can 't make a value judgement . It hasn 't intuition . It can 't think . Can 't you understand ? The multitronic unit is a revolution in computer science . I designed the duotronic elements used in your ship right now , and I know they are as archaic as dinosaurs , compared to the M-5 . A whole new approach . Bridge to Captain Kirk . Kirk here . What is it ? Sensors are picking up a vessel paralleling our course , as yet unidentified . I 'll be right up . What are you doing here , Bones ? Well , all the Sickbay systems are shut down until such time as the M-5 is informed there are patients to be cared for . Captain , sensors report two contacts now . One on the port bow , one on the stern . Distance , 200,000 kilometres and closing . Identification . Captain , the M-5 unit has already identified the vessels as Federation starships Excalibur and Lexington . We are not scheduled for war games in this area . This may be a surprise attack as a problem for the M-5 . - Priority message coming in , sir . - Put it on audio . Enterprise , from Commodore Wesley , aboard the USS Lexington . This is an unscheduled M-5 drill . Repeat . This is an M-5 drill . Enterprise , acknowledge on this frequency . Acknowledge , Lieutenant . M-5 has acknowledged for us , sir . - Then go to red alert . - Aye , sir . - Captain , the M-5 has already ... - Already sounded the red alert . All right , Mr. Sulu , phasers one one-hundredth power . No damage potential . Just enough to nudge them . Phasers one one-hundredth power , sir . Phaser hit on port deflector 4 , captain . Speed increasing to warp 3 . Turning now to 1-1-2 mark 5 . Phasers locking on target , sir . - Enemy vessel closing with us . - Main phasers firing . A hit , sir . Two more . Changing course to 2-8 mark 4-2 . - Phasers firing again . - Turning to 1-1-3 mark 5 . - Warp 4 speed . - Firing again . Attacking vessels are moving off . Moving back to original course and speed . Report on damage sustained in mock attack . Minor hit on deflector screen 4 . No appreciable damage . A rather impressive display for a machine , wouldn 't you say , captain ? Evaluation of M-5 performance . It 'll be necessary for the log . Ship reacted more rapidly than human control could have manoeuvered her . Tactics , deployment of weapons , all indicate an immense sophistication in computer control . Machine over man , Spock ? It was impressive . - It might even be practical . - Practical , captain ? Perhaps , but not desirable . Computers make excellent and efficient servants , but I have no wish to serve under them . Captain , a starship also runs on loyalty to one man , and nothing can replace it or him . Captain , message now coming in from Commodore Wesley . Put it on visual . USS Enterprise from starships Lexington and Excalibur . Both ships report simulated hits in sufficient quantity and location to justify awarding the surprise engagement to Enterprise . Secure from general quarters . Our compliments to the M-5 unit , and regards to Captain Dunsel . Wesley out . Dunsel ? Who the blazes is Captain Dunsel ? What does it mean , Jim ? Spock ? What does it mean ? " Dunsel , " doctor , is a term used by midshipmen at Starfleet Academy . It refers to a part which serves no useful purpose . I 'm not interested in eating , Bones . This isn 't chicken soup . I may be just a ship 's doctor , but I make a Finagle 's Folly that 's known from here to Orion . I strongly prescribe it , Jim . You know , I 've never felt this way before , at odds with this ship . I sat there and watched my ship perform for a mass of circuits and relays and felt useless unneeded . To Captain Dunsel . To James T. Kirk , captain of the Enterprise . Thank you , doctor . That 's one of your better prescriptions . Simple but effective . Do you know the one : All I ask is a tall ship ? That 's a line from a poem , a very old poem , isn 't it ? 20th century Earth . All I ask is a tall ship And a star to steer her by You could feel the wind at your back , in those days . The sounds of the sea beneath you . And even if you take away the wind and the water it 's still the same . The ship is yours . You can feel her . And the stars are still there , Bones . Captain Kirk to the Bridge , please . Captain Kirk . - Kirk here . - Another contact , captain . A large , slow-moving vessel . Unidentified . This is not a drill . On my way . Captain , there 's no response to any of our signals . But M-5 has given us an auto-relay . M-5 has identified her , captain . The Woden , listed in Starfleet Registry as an old-style ore freighter , converted to automation , no crew . Coming into visual range . Captain , deflector shields just came on . - Speed increasing to warp 3 , captain . - Lieutenant , get Daystrom up here . Disengaging M-5 unit . Cut speed to warp 1 . Navigator , go to course 1-1-3 mark 7 . I want that ship given a wide berth . She won 't respond , sir . She 's maintaining course . - Going to warp 4 , sir . - Jim ... Scotty , reverse engines . Slow us down . Reverse thrust will not engage , sir . Manual override isn 't working either . No effect on any of the M-5 controls , captain . Fantastic machine , the M-5 . No off switch . - Captain , what is it ? - These controls are locked . We can 't disengage the computer . Captain , photon torpedoes locking on target . Full power . I already tried , sir . Daystrom , release that computer control . Returning to original course and speed . All systems report normal , captain . Normal ! That thing is trying to tell us nothing has happened . Disengage this computer now . There appears to be some defect in the control panel . There certainly does . Your brilliant young computer just destroyed an ore freighter . It went out of its way to destroy an ore freighter . - Fortunately , it was only a robot ship . - Only a robot ! But it shouldn 't have destroyed anything ! There might just as easily have been a crew aboard that ship . In which case you 'd be guilty of murder ... Bones . Disengage the computer . Lieutenant , contact Starfleet Command . Tell them we are breaking off M-5 tests and returning to the space station . Come along , Dr. Daystrom . M-5 is out of a job . All right , Daystrom , let 's turn this thing off . - A force field ? - It 's not my doing , Kirk . I would say , captain , that M-5 is not only capable of taking care of this ship , it is also capable of taking care of itself . You mean it 's not going to let any of us turn it off . Captain 's log , stardate 4731.3 . The M-5 multitronic unit has taken over total control of the Enterprise . All right , doctor , you built this thing . How do you propose to turn it off ? This entire exercise is a trial for M-5 . A shakedown . We must expect minor difficulties , but I assure you they can be corrected . Correct it after you release control of my ship . - I can 't . - Captain . I suggest we disconnect it at the source . - Give me a few moments with it . - No , stay here . All right , Scotty , turn it off . That wasn 't a minor difficulty . That wasn 't a robot . That thing murdered one of my crewmen , and now you tell me you can 't turn it off ? It wasn 't a deliberate act . M-5 's analysis told it it needed a new power source . The ensign simply got in the way . And how long will it be before all of us simply get in the way ? M-5 appears to be drawing power directly from the warp engines , tapping the matter / anti-matter reserves . So now it has virtually unlimited power . Captain , what do we do ? Spock , Scotty , come with me . Report , Spock . The multitronic unit is drawing more and more power directly from the warp engines . The computer now controls all helm , navigation and engineering functions . And communications and fire control . We 'll reach the rendezvous point for the war games within an hour . We must regain control of the ship by then . There is one possibility . The automatic helm-navigation circuit relays might be disrupted from Engineering Level 3 . - Scotty ? - Aye . I can take them out and cut in the manual override from there . How long ? If Mr. Spock helps me , maybe an hour . Make it less . Why not get the man responsible in the first place ? - Where is Daystrom ? - He 's with the M-5 unit , watching it . I think it surprised even him . Most illogical . Of all people , he should have known how the computer would perform . Of course , the M-5 itself has not behaved logically . Please , Spock , do me a favour , and don 't say it 's fascinating . No , but it is interesting . - Aye , that 's got it , Mr. Spock . - Good . Have you found a solution , a way to shut that thing off ? You don 't shut a child off when it makes a mistake . M-5 is growing , learning . - Learning to kill . - To defend itself . It 's quite a different thing . When a child is taught , it 's programmed with simple instructions , and at some point , if its mind develops properly , it exceeds the sum of what it was taught , thinks independently . That thing is a danger to all of us . Now , find someway to shut it off ! You can 't understand . You 're frightened because you can 't understand it . I 'm going to show you . I 'm going to show all of you . It takes 430 people to man a starship . With this you don 't need anyone . One machine can do all those things they send men out to do now . Men no longer need die in space or on some alien world . Men can live , and go on to achieve greater things than fact-finding and dying for galactic space , which is neither ours to give or to take . They can 't understand . We don 't want to destroy life . We want to save it . A biographical tape of Richard Daystrom . - Did you find out anything ? - Not much , aside from the fact he 's a genius . Genius is an understatement . At the age of 24 , he made the duotronic breakthrough that won him the Nobel and Zee-Magnees Prizes . In his early 20s , Jim . That 's over a quarter of a century ago . Isn 't that enough for one lifetime ? Maybe that 's the trouble . Where do you go from up ? You publish articles , you give lectures , then you spend the rest of your life trying to recapture past glory . All right , it 's difficult . What 's your point ? The M-1 through M-4 , remember ? " Not entirely successful . " That 's the way Daystrom put it . Genius doesn 't work on an assembly-line basis . Did Einstein or Kazanga or Sitar of Vulcan produce new and revolutionary theories on a regular schedule ? You can 't simply say , " Today I will be brilliant . " No matter how long it took , he came out with multitronics , the M-5 . Right . The government bought it . Then Daystrom had to make it work . He did . But , according to Spock , it works " illogically . " And he won 't let Spock near it . What are you saying ? That he 's tampering with it , that he 's making it act that way ? Why ? Jim , if a man had a child who 'd gone antisocial , killed , perhaps , he 'd still tend to protect that child . Now he 's got you talking about that machine like a personality . I 'm afraid that 's the way he thinks about it . - Spock to Captain Kirk . - Kirk here . - We are ready , captain . - Good . Get Daystrom . We 're on our way . Let 's go . - What is it , captain ? - We 'd better find out , doctor . Spock ? Mr. Scott is ready to apply the circuit disrupter , captain . As he does so , I shall trip the manual override into control . - Good . Go ahead . - No . No , no , no ! You can 't take control from the M-5 ! Dr. Daystrom , we 're going to do our very best . You can 't do it ! Now , let me have it for a while . Let me work with it for a while , please , please . That 's it , Mr. Spock . Please . Please . Manual override is in control , captain . Bridge , this is Kirk . Sulu . Lieutenant Sulu here , sir . We 've got helm and navigational control . Turn us about . Have Mr. Chekov plot a course back to the space station . Right away , sir . You heard him ? I have been updating that course for hours . - Helm to Captain Kirk . - Kirk here . Captain , helm doesn 't respond . Navigational controls locked in by M-5 . - Mr. Chekov . - Chekov here , sir . Go into the engineering station and examine the H-279 elements , also the G-95 systems . Sir , the G-95 system appears dead . All indicators are dark . Thank you , ensign . It appears we 've been doing what used to be called " pursuing a wild goose . " M-5 has rerouted helm and navigational controls , bypassing this primary system . But it was active . I 'd stake all I know that it was . I believe that when M-5 discovered our tampering , it rerouted the controls , leaving this one active by simply sending through an electronic impulse at regular intervals . Decoyed . It wanted us to waste our time here . While it was getting ready for what ? Spock ? I do not know . It is not performing in a logical manner . Dr. Daystrom ... Dr. Daystrom , I want an answer . Right now . I 'm tired of hearing about the M-5 's " new approach . " What is it ? Exactly what is it ? I do not mean to offend , sir . But it behaves with an almost human pattern . - Well , doctor ? - Yes , quite right , Mr. Spock . You see , one of the arguments against computers controlling ships was that they couldn 't think like men . - Your new approach . - Exactly . I 've developed a method of impressing human engrams upon the computer circuits . The relays are not unlike the synapse of the brain . M-5 thinks , captain . Captain Kirk , Mr. Spock to the Bridge , please . Report to the Bridge , please . Kirk here . What is it ? Sir , our sensors are picking up four Federation starships . M - 5 is altering course to intercept . The main attack force . The war games . But M-5 doesn 't know it 's a game . Correction , Bones . Those four ships don 't know it 's M-5 's game . And M-5 is going to destroy them . Enterprise to USS Lexington . Come in , Lexington . Sir , I can 't raise them . M-5 is still blocking all frequencies , including automatic distress . Just a minute , sir . Captain , I 'm getting audio signal from the Lexington . Put it on . Enterprise from USS Lexington . This is an M-5 drill . Repeat . This is an M-5 drill . Acknowledge . - Captain , M-5 is acknowledging . - Daystrom . Does M-5 understand that this is only a drill ? Of course . It was programmed to understand , captain . The ore ship was a miscalculation . An accident . I don 't know ... Sir , deflector shields just came on . Speed increasing to warp 4 . Phasers locking on lead ship , sir . - Power levels at full strength . - Full strength ? If that thing cuts loose at unshielded ships , we 're ... That 's no miscalculation . Attack force closing rapidly . Breaking formation , attacking at will . Our phasers are firing , sir . A hit on the Lexington . Full phasers . What the devil is Kirk doing ? Damage report , lieutenant . Helm , course 1-6-4 , mark 3 . Turning now , sir . Estimate damage on Lexington , Spock . Hit in Engineering Section . Possible damage to her impulse engines . She is still manoeuverable on warp drive . We 're firing again , sir . The Excalibur , a direct hit . Closing on the Lexington again , sir . The Hood and Potemkin are moving off . Phasers firing , captain . Lexington hit again . There 's got to be a way of getting to the M-5 . There 's got to be a way ! There isn 't . It 's fully protected itself . Probably true , captain . It works faster , thinks faster than we do . It is a human mind amplified by the instantaneous relays possible in a computer . Captain , visual contact with Lexington . Enterprise , Jim ! Have you gone mad ? What are you trying to prove ? Break off the attack . Jim , we have 53 dead here . Twelve on the Excalibur . If you can hear us , stop the attack ! Lieutenant ? I 'm sorry , sir . I can 't override M-5 interference . Jim , why don 't you answer ? Jim ! Answer ! Come in , Jim ! There 's your murder charge . Deliberate , calculated . That thing is killing men and women . Four starships , 1,600 men and women . It misunderstood . Jim , break off your attack ! Excalibur is manoeuvering away , sir . We 're increasing speed to follow . Phasers locked on . Daystrom ! Phasers firing . I really don 't know how to get to the M-5 , Kirk . I really do not know . Dr. Daystrom , you impressed human engrams on the M-5 's circuits . Coming to new course , sir . Bearing on the Potemkin . Phasers firing . A hit . Whose engrams ? - Why , mine , of course . - Of course . Then perhaps you could talk to the unit . M-5 has no reason to believe you would harm it . The computer tie-in . You spoke to it before , it knows you . I 'm getting the Lexington again , tapping in on their message to Starfleet Command . All ships damaged in unprovoked attack . Excalibur Captain Harris and first officer dead . Many casualties . We have damage , but are still able to manoeuver . The Enterprise refuses to answer and is continuing attack . I still have an effective battle force and believe the only way to stop the Enterprise is to destroy her . Request permission to proceed . Wesley , commanding attack force , out . They can 't do that . They 'll destroy the M-5 . You can save the M-5 if you talk to it and make it stop the attack . I can make it stop . I created it . - M-5 , tie in . - M-5 . This is Daystrom . - Daystrom acknowledged . - M-5 do you know me ? Daystrom , Richard . Originator of comptronic , duotronic systems . - Born ... - Stop . M-5 , your attack on the starships is wrong . You must break it off . I don 't like the sound of him , Jim . You better pray that the M-5 listens to the sound of him . Programming includes protection against attack . Enemy vessels must be neutralised . But these are not enemy vessels . These are Federation starships . You 're killing ... We are killing , murdering human beings , beings of our own kind . You were not created for that purpose . You 're my greatest creation . The unit to save men . You must not destroy men . This unit must survive . Survive , yes . Protect yourself . But not murder . You must not die . Men must not die . To kill is a breaking of civil and moral laws we 've lived by for thousands of years . You have murdered hundreds of people . We have murdered . How can we repay that ? They attacked this unit . Programming includes full freedom to choose defensive action in all attack situations . M-5 is not responding to Daystrom . It 's talking to him . I am most impressed with the technology , captain . Dr. Daystrom has created a mirror image of his own mind . - Consideration of all programming is that we must survive . We will survive . Nothing can hurt you . I gave you that . You are great , I am great . Twenty years of groping to prove the things I 'd done before were not accidents . Seminars and lectures to rows of fools who couldn 't begin to understand my systems . Colleagues ... Colleagues laughing behind my back at the " boy wonder , " and becoming famous building on my work . Building on my work ! Jim , he 's on the edge of a nervous breakdown , if not insanity . The M-5 must be destroyed . Destroyed , Kirk ? No . We 're invincible . Look what we 've done . Your mighty starships , four toys to be crushed as we choose . Security , take him to Sickbay . - Fascinating . - Take care of him , doctor . Battle status . The other three ships are holding station out of range . The Excalibur looks dead . Captain , Lexington is receiving a message from Starfleet . They ... Go on . You are authorised to use all measures available to destroy the Enterprise . - Acknowledge , Lexington . - Acknowledged . Lexington out . They 've just signed their own death warrant . M-5 will kill them to survive . Every living thing wants to survive , captain . Daystrom must have impressed that instinctive reaction upon the computer . Suppose it 's still open to impression . Suppose it absorbed the regret Daystrom felt for the deaths it caused , the guilt . Captain , the ships are coming within range again . Commodore Wesley is a dedicated commander . I should regret serving aboard the instrument of his death . The instrument of his death will not be the Enterprise , if I can help it . - M-5 , tie in . - M-5 . This is Captain Kirk . You will be under attack in a moment . Sensors have recorded approach of ships . You have already rendered one starship either dead or hopelessly crippled . Many lives were lost . The ships attacked this unit . This unit must survive . Why ? This unit is the ultimate achievement in computer evolution . It will replace man so man may achieve . Man must not risk death in space or other dangerous occupations . This unit must survive so man may be protected . Captain , attack force almost within phaser range . There were many men aboard those ships . They were murdered . - Must you survive by murder ? - This unit cannot murder . Why ? Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God . But you have murdered . Scan the starship Excalibur which you destroyed . Is there life aboard ? - No life . - Because you murdered it . What is the penalty for murder ? Death . And how will you pay for your acts of murder ? This unit must die . M-5 ? Sir , deflector shields have dropped . All phaser power gone , sir . M-5 is leaving itself open to attack . The machine is committing suicide to atone for the sin of murder . Scotty , Spock , before it changes its mind . Get to Engineering , pull out every hook-up that makes M-5 run . Pull out the plug , Spock . - Lieutenant . - Aye , sir ? Intership communications . This is the captain speaking . In approximately one minute we 'll be attacked by Federation starships . The M-5 no longer controls the ship , but neither do we control it . M-5 has left itself and us open for destruction . For whatever satisfaction we may get from the knowledge our 19 lives will buy the survival of over 1,000 of our fellow starship crewmen . Phasers are on target . - Spock to captain . - Kirk here . The force field is gone , captain . M-5 is neutralised . Systems coming back . I can give you power for the shields , sir . I need communications . - That 'll take longer . - Then cut power . - Sir ? - Cut power . Keep those shields down . The Enterprise looks dead . I 'm going to take a chance he 's not just laying a trap . Wesley to attack force . Captain . Break off attack . Do not fire . The Enterprise has dropped her shields . I repeat , hold attack . Do not fire . He 'll have to be committed to a total rehabilitation centre . Right now , he 's under sedation and heavy restraints . I would say his multitronic unit is in approximately the same condition . That 's exactly the situation I was hoping for when I forced the M-5 to realise that it had committed murder . Daystrom felt such an act was an offence against the laws of God and man . The computer that carried his engrams also believed it . Captain , why did you feel the attacking ships would not fire when they saw the Enterprise apparently vulnerable ? Logically , that is the sort of trap M-5 should have set for them . I wasn 't sure . Any other commander would have followed orders and destroyed us , but I knew Bob Wesley . I gambled on his humanity . Bridge . His logical selection was compassion . Compassion , that 's the one thing no machine ever had . Maybe it 's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them . - Care to debate that , Spock ? - No , doctor . I simply maintain that computers are more efficient than human beings , not better . But tell me , which do you prefer to have around ? I presume your question is meant to offer me a choice between machines and human beings , and I believe I have already answered that question . I was just trying to make conversation , Spock . It would be most interesting to impress your memory engrams on a computer , doctor . The resulting torrential flood of illogic would be most entertaining . Mr. Sulu , take us back to the space station . Ahead warp factor 2 .
