 ( tires squealing ) Unit 21 reporting a 618 , Highway 34 . Maroon sedan heading north , license UTP-725 . Repeat , UTP-725 . Out . ( siren blaring ) Are you trying to kill yourself ? Look , I 'm sorry , Officer , but we 've got to get to the hospital . My uncle 's had a heart attack . Follow me . What is that ? ( gunshot ) NARRATOR : Starring Roy Thinnes as architect David Vincent . The invaders ... alien beings from a dying planet . Their destination ... the Earth . Their purpose ... to make it their world . David Vincent has seen them . For him , it began one lost night on a lonely country road looking for a shortcut that he never found . It began with a closed , deserted diner and a man too long without sleep to continue his journey . ( eerie whirring ) It began with the landing of a craft from another galaxy . ( whirring intensifies ) Now David Vincent knows that the invaders are here . That they have taken human form . Somehow , he must convince a disbelieving world that the nightmare has already begun . The guest stars in tonight 's story : R.G. Armstrong , Diana Muldaur , Arthur Franz , Kent Smith and special guest star Barry Morse . NARRATOR : A critically wounded officer ; a garbled account of glowing , vanishing assailants ; a phone call from a physician who has come to believe in invaders from space and David Vincent moves into the center of a widening dragnet . May I have your keys , please ? Can I see your license ? Where are you headed , sir ? Redstone . Fine . Thank you . Okay , let him through . Just give us a few minutes . Joe , this is , uh ... David Vincent . I asked you not to bring him here . He can help find who shot you . Battersea will find them . Well , the police don 't know what they 're looking for . Two people who don 't want to be brought in . But , Joe , everything you discussed when you regained consciousness ... I was delirious . I didn 't know what I was saying . Well , the old man 's condition- - the glowing you were talking about means there 's a facility nearby for what they call regeneration . Now , we can find that facility ... Yeah , I have nothing to say , Mr. Vincent . Now , butt out . Morning , Doctor . Morning , Captain . How 's it coming , Joe ? Ah ... I 'm making it . Captain Battersea , this is David Vincent . I know who he is . Why do you think I put a 24-hour guard on this room ? I 'd like to help if I can . Listen , Vincent , I 'm running a manhunt not a three-ring circus . You 're not going to jam my switchboard with crank phone calls and send my officers out after Buck Rogers . I 'd like to speak to Joe alone . And don 't give me any medical reasons why I can 't have it . I 'm not some crank you 've dragged in here . I 'm like his next of kin . Two minutes . Joe ... if you change your mind , I 'll be at the hotel . Nash is lying . I know . What did the captain mean by next of kin ? He brought Joe up after his father was killed . What 'd you tell Vincent , Joe ? I told him to leave me alone . You said some things when you were brought in . I was out of my mind . You sure ? Why would I lie about it ? I can think of a couple of reasons . You mean the Tanner kids , don 't you ? Forget it , Bill . 'Cause if you 're doing this to protect me , I don 't need any help , Joe . Just find the people that shot me . All right . We 'll find them . We got the plate number , make of the car . We got the prettiest dragnet going you 've ever seen . Roadblocks on every road out . We got dogs coming and I 've asked the state police for choppers . I promise you we 're going to search every square yard in this county . You give them the devil . You , too . Now , get well , won 't you ? Yeah . RADIO ANNOUNCER : Although Vincent would not comment for the press , it was clear that he means to stay in Redstone until the manhunt is concluded . Meanwhile , in Washington ... ( turns off radio ) Try him at the hotel . I said , try him . Now , you know that I 've never disagreed with you before , but this is a mistake . If it were anyone but Vincent . This would only work with Vincent . Now , Claire ... Mr. Vincent , please . ( phone rings ) Hello . Yes . My father and I , we heard about you on the radio . Mr. Vincent , we were hiking and we came across this ... this terrible thing . It seemed to be almost half ... half human and half something awful . Have you called the police ? They thought I was insane . Mr. Vincent , this monster ... is it one of those aliens you talk about ? Well , I don 't know . Who are you ? Where are you ? All right . Captain Battersea ? Yes . Jim Trent , State Police . This is Lieutenant Rawlings . Captain . Came down to see if we could help out . Appreciate it . You want to check the map ? Good . Oh , your request for helicopters came through . We could sure use them . Any dogs ? Whatever ... I 'm not too proud to ask . Oh , I can put 20 men into ten cars and maybe nail them , but Lord help me if a cat gets stuck up a tree today , so whatever you could do ... Yeah , will do . You know , we don 't think very much of people who shoot cops , no matter where in the state it happens . This boy , Joe Nash ... he going to be all right ? If praying helps . Now , we closed off all roads within minutes after it happened . So we have to believe they 're still within the perimeter . Now , I 've got roadblocks at each of these points . There , there , there and there . Mr. Vincent ? Yes . Thank you for coming . Get in . Now , where 's this , uh ... thing ? It 's a dirt road just off the highway . I 'll show you . What are you going to do with this creature , Mr. Vincent ? I hope to keep it alive . That 's why I brought oxygen . Oxygen ? But oxygen can kill ... ( coughs ) MAN : I 'm not armed , Mr. Vincent . Neither is she , or you 'd probably be dead by now . Keith , he won 't listen to you . We need you , Mr. Vincent . For what ? To help us in our search for peace . You mean surrender , don 't you ? We 're hardly in a position to dictate terms , are we ? No . Claire and I are fugitives from our own alien compatriots as well as from your police . We 're marked for death because we favor the abandonment of Earth as an objective . Keith , don 't trust him . We have to . But I don 't have to trust you . Mr. Vincent , we don 't have any time . This cellar has a primitive regeneration system- - one of our first on Earth . It saved my life . But my compatriots knew that I needed regeneration and they 'll be coming here soon . Now , will you listen to me ? Then shoot ! I 'll listen to you first . Three miles . KEITH : Yes , we used gasses before we brought regeneration tubes down . Oh , they 're quite harmless to you- - somewhat similar to what you 'd find in your own deep sea decompression chambers . I was one of six leaders who came here to plan the final assault . I hadn 't been on Earth a month before I realized that we 'd been deceived by the expeditionary forces . The human brain is a supple , complex , highly efficient organ . It would be a crime against creation to destroy it . With ten billion planets to choose from , it would be lunacy to continue our fight against this world . As soon as I saw that , I planned to return home to fight against the coming slaughter . That was when they decided to kill me . What would stop them ... from killing you at home ? I have many friends there- - powerful friends ... leaders . And I have this . This is a memory bank . It contains a million facts about man . His philosophy , his science , his civilization , his world . It could change a great many minds . We finally made contact with a spacecraft commander who agreed to take us home . We were to meet at 9 : 00 tomorrow morning , then ... You 're not asking me to help you through the dragnet after all the nice things you said about the human mind ? I told you- - he 's obsessed . He doesn 't want peace . If you want peace , you 'll let me arrange your surrender to the authorities . And bring about the catastrophe I 'm trying to avoid ? With the Earth aware of our plans , our forces would be compelled to attack . Your planet would be destroyed . ( rhythmic beeping ) My compatriots are here . Do you want to witness an execution ... or are you willing to help us , Mr. Vincent ? We 've been authorized to spare your lives if you 'll give us the time and place of your rendezvous tomorrow and the names of your collaborators . We are quite ready to die . Claire ? There 's no need for you to die , too . Get it over with . Thank you , Mr. Vincent , but I 'm afraid it 's only a reprieve . They won 't stop trying . Let 's get inside . If you 're absolutely sure that there 's no way to get out of here , Mr. Vincent , I 'd like you to have this attaché case . No . He 'll take it to the authorities . That in itself will convince them of nothing . There are others of us who think as I do . If they contact you , give it to them . Say that it came from a leader . I assure you , it will be to your benefit . How much of a chance are you willing to take ? To do what ? To get through the roadblock and meet the saucer tomorrow . Keith , he 's leading you into a trap . That whole scene outside could 've been staged for my benefit , but there are several billion lives at stake , so I 'll go along with you . If you don 't want to try ... that 's all right , too . Of course I see the implications , David- - we could win with one big play , but you 'll never make it . There 's no other way . The farmhouse is in the center of the search area . We can 't go four miles in any direction without running into a roadblock . Isn 't there any way you could get the police on your side ? Eh , the chief of police down here won 't even listen . And I 've told you about Officer Nash . There 's something going on here , and I don 't understand it ... but I have to make a move . I 'm going to catch a plane . I 'll be in Redstone before midnight . As soon as they finish at the riverbank , I want the main force to spread out ... in this direction- - up toward the Old Mill Road . Okay ? Anybody wants me , I 'll be in the photo lab . Vincent , get out of my way . I have something I think you 'd like to see . What 's this ? Aren 't you looking for that license number ? Where 'd you get this ? Well , if it told you , you wouldn 't believe me . But I 'll take you there ... alone . Don 't give me that " alone " baloney or I 'll have you behind bars for obstructing justice . That won 't solve your case , will it ? Even the greenest rookie wouldn 't walk into a situation like this by himself . Either you come with me alone , or you don 't come at all . Okay , let them through . All right , where do we go to now ? The Mill Road . There 's a farmhouse down this way . That 's not where we 're headed , is it ? Is there something wrong , Captain ? ( beeping ) * * * * Hold it . Inside . Now , don 't make a move and you won 't get hurt . CLAIRE : Captain Battersea ... you will remember nothing of what is about to happen . You will remember nothing . Is that clear ? Yes . My name is Trent . I 'm Special Assistant to the State Chief . This is Rawlings , my aide . I bet the captain was glad to see you . Joe , the captain left his office with David Vincent . Can you think of any reason why ? Vincent ? He doesn 't buy what Vincent 's spouting , does he ? You know better than that . I understand you met with Vincent earlier today . Yeah . RAWLINGS : What could you tell him ? Just that , uh ... he 's bad news , that 's all . Well , whether we like it or not , he 's gotten himself involved . Joe ... if you think of anything would you give us a call ? Yeah , sure . The captain 's not in trouble , is he ? I hope not . A Sergeant Thompkins called . Said there 's a Captain Trent down from State Police headquarters . I know him . He 's a good man . Is everything all right , Captain ? Fine . What 's holding us up ? BATTERSEA : I don 't know . Leeds , we 've got to get going . Okay . Why are we stopping here ? That 's your car , isn 't it ? David . ( whirring ) ( crystal shattering ) We 're going to have to take him with us . You 're going to do what I say . Get in that car . Vincent , do you know what you 're doing ? The penalty for something like this- - they 'll throw away to key . Get in . ( rotors whirring overhead ) Better get off the highway . We 'll have to stay out of sight until we get to a phone . I 've alerted every peace officer in the northern half of the state . How many units have you transferred up there ? 40 , Captain . What about choppers ? Four . They 'll be up again with first light . Good . Captain Trent . Yes ? Edgar Scoville . Chief Kusick and I are pretty good friends . Oh , yes , Mr. Scoville . I 've heard him mention your name . What can I do for you ? Captain , I think you 're setting the stage for a tragic mistake in regard to David Vincent . Oh ? I know him . What I think of his theories is beside the point , but he is neither a criminal nor dangerous to your men . Well , then just what are you afraid of , sir ? That in this atmosphere , you 're building to shoot first and ask questions later . I can assure you that that will never happen on this police force . Good . Thank you for your time , Captain . Good night . Watch him . Right . We have adjoining cabins . Come on , Captain , out . Come on , move . I don 't know what you think you 're doing . Just hope you know what the ante is . I guess I was wrong about Vincent . Now they 'll kill him . We can 't concern ourselves with that . Can 't we ? Isn 't he as good an argument for humanity as that case you 're carrying ? Vincent , she 's quite a dame , I 'll have to admit . But she 's not worth the price you 're paying for her . You think we 're kidnappers , don 't you ? ( knocking ) Who is it ? Claire . David , I came to see if I could help . If you two want to be alone , why don 't you just ... Captain ! You 've been chief of police in Redstone a long time , haven 't you ? Remember the Tanners , Captain ? You remember the Tanner children ? Twins , 16 years old , a boy and a girl ? One day , they came to you with a story . Outside that farmhouse , they saw a man burn up and disappear . Men had shot at him as he ran through the woods . They imagined it . That 's what you told them because you investigated and found nothing . We 're very good at covering our tracks , Captain . That farmhouse hasn 't been used in years . But the real trouble didn 't start until the children read about David Vincent and decided that what they 'd seen were aliens . You laughed at them . But they insisted . And then one night , the Tanner house burned down . No one escaped . Aliens set that fire , Captain , to keep them quiet . Garbage . A lot of garbage . Yes , that 's what you 've been telling yourself for a year , because if we exist and you didn 't care enough to find out , then you 're responsible for their deaths . Well , we do exist . No . There 's no pulse in that arm . There 's no heart in here ... and no blood , Captain . No blood . Vincent , get her out of here . Get her out of here ! Vincent , how could you ... how could you help them ? These two are different . All they want to do is get to their own planet and stop their people from making war with us . Vincent , you 've got to kill them . Do you understand ? You 've got to kill them . Kill them ! Thanks for coming down again , Captain . What is it , Joe ? I , uh ... I think we 'd better be alone . Police business , Doctor . Would you excuse us ? Any word on the captain ? No . There 's something I think I 'd better tell you . I wasn 't delirious . That first story I told- - that 's the way it really happened . About the glowing man who disappeared when you shot him ? That 's right . See , the captain ... the captain couldn 't live with that . Something that happened about a year ago . If he knew there really were aliens , he 'd ... And there really are , huh ? And they may have the captain . I see . What 's that ? What is that ? What is ... ? ( phone ringing ) Hello . David . Are you all right ? They almost spotted us twice . We 'll need another car . Where are you ? A motel- - the other side of Travistock . I 'll get started right away . So long . You have a minute ? For what ? Just to sit and talk . Sure . What 's going to happen to you if we do get away ? I don 't know . Nothing good . Police captains don 't like to be kidnapped . Then why help us ? You 're a chance worth taking . You can stop your people from making war with us . That 's all that matters . If you spend the rest of your life in jail ? Is it that important ? Why ? Why don 't I butt out ? I don 't know . You know what your people are like . What will happen if we don 't fight back ? Sooner or later , you 'll be killed . Or wind up in Captain Battersea 's jail . Is that any better ? Anyway , what else would I do ? You 've been told we have no feelings , haven 't you ? I 've seen it . No . You 've see the murderers , the executioners . David ... some of us are able to feel with our minds as ... as deeply as you feel with your heart . You 're a woman here on Earth ... but , uh ... are you ... ? A woman where I come from ? Well , its equivalent , anyway . Does that make a difference , David ? Rawlings here . He 's still on the main highway . Either he knows he 's being followed or he just likes to drive fast . TRENT : He must have seen you . Pull him over . See if you can get any answers . Then lock him up for six hours . Reckless driving . Right . ( siren wailing ) MAN ON RADIO : We interrupt to bring you a late news item . Officer Joe Nash died suddenly tonight at Redstone General Hospital of wounds received in a gun battle some 30 hours ago . Details on our 11 : 00 newscast . Hello ? Hello ? This is Captain Battersea- - the one they 're looking for over in Redstone . You got to make a call for me . They can 't stop us now . My friend will be here any minute with a car . From then on in , it 's all downhill . For us . Not for you . Oh , I don 't know . Battersea will see the saucer tomorrow . If that doesn 't convince him , maybe I 'll hitch a ride with you . Good night , David . Good night . That 's right . Riverview Motel , outside of Travistock . They ... It 's going to be tough during daylight . I wish Scoville could have arranged a car last night . ( rotors whirring overhead ) David . Police . Can we stay clear of them until 9 : 00 ? Depends where their ground units are . We 're talking about exactly 9 : 00 . The ship won 't wait five minutes in daylight . You 'll all be out of action by 9 : 00 . I got it . Captain . One of the ' copters spotted them . Where ? Route 10 , headed north . Uh-huh . The chopper still with them ? Needed fuel . We 've got them . There 's no way out until they reach this cutoff . Unit 22 . Right . Unit 22 . Come in , Unit 22 . Unit 22 . Subject car headed north on Route 10 . Set up a block at the Bitter Creek intersection . Roger . ( siren wailing ) Only another half hour . ( tires squealing ) Hey ! Hold it ! Listen , Battersea , millions of lives depend upon whether these people get to that spacecraft or not . Get us through this roadblock . After what they did to Joe and the Tanners ? All right , out ! If you want your captain alive , move back . Don 't listen to him . Back off ! All right , back off . Drop the guns . Keep moving . Get out . Get out ! Go on . We 'll take their car . Come on . Move ! Go on ! Move ! Look out ! What 's that ? That 's what this is all about . How could they ? All right . Here . Take it . Let 's go . Come on ! * * * * * * Well ... there 's eight minutes . Let 's see if we can get to that spaceship . David , Captain , we 're going to try . Will you come back ? No , David , I ... I won 't be back . NARRATOR : For David Vincent and his new ally sadness for what they have lost and hope for what they may have gained . Already , tens of thousands of miles away , an alien saucer speeds through the void on a mission not of death , but of life .
