 11th January 1935 I arrived yesterday on this island . This notebook will serve as my testament . I place these lines under Leonardo de Vinci 's motto : " Ostinato rigore " though I am struggling to follow it . If the Sicilian of Calcutta 's prediction does not take place if I do not die on this island , I will attack in my work the enemies of the forests . I will expose that the world ; with its amelioration of police , documents , radio , customs , its irreparable errors of justice ; is a hell with no way out for the persecuted . I must continue these works in prison . But the library contains only novels and poetry . None of the scientific tomes which I need for my eulogy to Malthus . I have to content myself with my current experiences . Wednesday 25th January Today , I did not shave . My sweat burns unbearably . Have the first symptoms already appeared , as described by the Sicilian of Calcutta ? Long ago ... My journey lasted 10 days . There was an insufferable heat and I stayed there unconscious for 2 days in dead calm , having exhausted my water provisions . The island was in sight though the conflicting current kept me hundreds of yards away . Without oars , it was impossible to draw closer . Finally , a gust of wind threw me to the shore unconscious but alive . The Sicilian had told me : " For one so persecuted , for you ... " " there is only one place to live , though no-one does live there . " " It is an island ... " " The white people constructed there , around 1925 ... " " a museum and a swimming pool . " " The buildings were finished , then adandonned . " " Neither the Chinese pirates , nor the ship painted in white ... " " from the Rockefeller Institute go near it . " " For she is the home to a mysterious illness ... " " that kills the surface from within . " " The claws , the flowing hair ... " " The dying skin and cornea die ... " " then the body , after 8 to 15 days . " " The passengers of a steamer ... " " ... anchored off the island , were all skinned , bald , without fingernails ... " " ... and dead when the Japanese Namura cruiser found them " . " The steamer was sunk by cannon fire . " I believe the name of this island is Villings and that she is a part of the Ellice archipelago . Anyone who wants more information , for those that will one day read this diary , need only to ask Dalmacio Ombrielli , Hiderabad Street , in the district of Ramkrishnapur , Calcutta . I do not endanger him in the mentioning of his name in my diary . Human memory will bear in mind that Ombrielli has been charitable to those unfairly persecuted . Nothing here can serve man . And yet , I discovered in the north of the island , a sort of miraculous oasis . There , I came across water , and trees , and large multicoloured birds . Not far away stands the museum . I refer to it by the name given to it by the Sicilian . The stolen dinghy did not resist the breaking waves . I am a prisoner of this setting , of this island . Is this the final stage of a trail in abrupt geometry ? I think of my country . I dream it differently . So large is my helplessness . A free land , delivered from the yoke of tyrants and cops . The killings on the highways . Still hunted , just until this morning . They come in . I shoot . But there are too many . Long months of solitary confinement . They sentence me to death . Helped by my friends , I escape . Since then , I 've not had a moments peace . Will these walls welcome me ? " What use is there in writing to you , " " my darling , " " ... since there is no post here . " " Morel ... " " Hundreds of miles from all life , " " ... this places worries . " What was its builder 's inspiration ? What plot was weaved so far from human life ? Or was it that this museum is the result of an ephemeral dream ? The exhileration of a man too rich . This Morel , of whom the letter speaks , maybe . It 's been exactly a fortnight since I came here . This is the deadline . I can only wait . I will see tomorrow how I feel . Maybe it 's my diet , maybe it 's the climate . The temperature is constantly increasing . It feels similar to what it 's like before a monsoon . I 'm sleeping badly . Every night , I have the same nightmare , which leaves me sweating and trembling . Without doubt , I owe these frightening dreams to the heat . For several days , I lay by the pool at night . It 's a little cooler there . - Do you want milk or lemon in your tea ? - Lemon . I 'm on a diet . - I will take champagne . Who are these intruders ? And more importantly , how did they get here ? I heard neither a boat , a plane , nor an airship . Are they looking for me ? Are they going to take me back to jail ? They 're the barrier between the museum and me . I 've nothing to drink , nothing to eat . Must I once again suffer the agonies of thirst ? I had almost found happiness in this solitary museum . Already the mighty lines of my opus were under way . However , banished to this bunker , my fate is still better than what I endured all those long months in prison . Their clothes are similar to those we wore 10 years ago . The years after the war , the music that made us dance . When I was living at the museum , there was no power . That woman looks like she 's come out of an abominable painting . I don 't want her being bitten by the vipers swarming on the hill . I want to keep writing . As a safety measure . It 's a discipline . Tonight , I will try to reclaim the museum , and get back my knife . The intruders sealed the stone slab in the well . Do they want to stop me from drinking ? I ask myself a question . Where did they find the second slab ? I remained in a trance-like state just until dawn . Plagued by anxiety , but also by fascination . I both feared and hoped for the arrival of human life . It has been a whole month since I last saw someone . They may well be policemen . But they lure me in . That is probably the trap . They play at cat and mouse . They wait until , dying of hunger , I turn myself in . I ate muscles and drank a little seawater . Why is there that second stone slab on the well ? Thursday 26th The woman is back . Friday 27th She stayed for almost an hour . She had with her a book though she did not read . She might be beautiful . Saturday 28th The woman intrigues me . At the risk of being caught , I went up to the museum . Faustine , I wanted to tell you ... - He is not well , Morel . It will pass . Faustine is very beautiful . I learned his name . Faustine . Tomorrow , I 'll try and get a closer look . I am suffering due to hunger and thirst . No-one is looking for me . I 'll hold on for as long as it takes . If they are the police , then she is the trap , the bait . Maybe they are afraid to venture onto the island , fearing that I know it better than they . Faustine , you misconstrue my intentions . I know what you 're after , Morel . You 'd be suprised if you really knew . You want to play the mystery ? Arouse my curiosity ? If you were mine , I 'd offer you this island . You would rule it . But we 're leaving soon , Morel . It 's a shame that it is so short , that 's true . Then , nothing else matters . Come on . Let 's get back . - Faustine ! Look ! I 've been careless . I wonder how they hadn 't seen me . Or maybe , pretended not to see me . They 've become resourceful . I left my bunker , and took refuge at the oasis . Tuesday 31st January Some trees are completely moldy . The older ones , it seems . The others are as tough as steel . My knife can 't even cut into them . Yesterday , I wrote nothing . I ate a multicoloured bird . Its meat was sickly sweet . I also ate tree roots . Have the intruders left ? A week ago they ran me out of the museum . - Do you want milk or lemon in your tea ? Lemon . I 'm on a diet . I 'll take champagne . Thursday 2nd February I didn 't write yesterday . It rained all day . This world is prone to snobbery . Or these people belong in an asylum . That would be too good to be true . The show rose for me . Destined to drive me mad . Why would they repeat the same words from a week ago ? All notion of time escapes me . I think I saw four sunsets . Today , a strange phenomenon occured . Two suns crossed the sky that triggered a stifling heat . They seemed to influence everything . Are those tree roots causing me to hallucinate ? There are Indians from my land that have dreams from those roots . I have become smitten by this woman . Hallucination or trap , I cannot resist . They have won . Miss , please , listen to me . Don 't be scared . Of us , it 's I who 's scared . It 's a terrible ordeal that you 're inflicting on me . Answer me ! I know what you are . I ask you ... What contempt ... When an execution takes place , we watch . If she has revealed my whereabouts , they will come and they 'll take me . If she returns tomorrow , I will be there waiting for her . Faustine came back . She did not hand me in . Is she feigning an amorous interest ? Is she acting on orders from others ? Has the game not gone on long enough ? The woman is back . She has come back . Faustine came back . She had with her a book though she did not read . Like last week . Faustine ... I love you . Faustine , you have awoken my death on this island . Saturday 11th February 1935 Today I decided , Faustine , that you will not leave me again . I put in your place , as an act of submission , my knife , my only weapon . Faustine , you misconstrue my intentions . I know what you 're after , Morel . You 'd be suprised if you really knew . You want to play the mystery ? Arouse my curiosity ? If you were mine , I 'd offer you this island . You would rule it . We 're leaving soon , Morel . It 's a shame that it is so short , that 's true . Then , nothing else matters . Come on . Let 's get back . Call my guard ! Tell them I surrender ! Stop this absurd farce ! I know that she is under their orders . You are vile ! Both of you ! At night , I went up to the museum . Northing else mattered . I had to see Faustine again . Ask for forgiveness . The museum was deserted . There was no-one . The intruders had left . It seemed that my screams made them leave like frightened shadows . There was no more power . I scoured the museum , calling after Faustine , I found objects , things , in the same state as when I left , 17 days ago , I believe . When did they leave ? How ? Sunday 12th February It 's strange to focus on dates that could be false . Monday 13th February I took up at the museum . I had already my habits . I went looking for water from the wells . The second stone slab had gone . Whilst passing by , I found a cellar window . When I ventured into the cave yesterday , I saw no such window . Therefore , that cellar window must open onto a hidden room . I wonder if there 's a connection between these apparatuses and the pipes on the beach where I landed . Perhaps the tides are captured and converted into electrical energy ? I returned to the room that I presume is Faustine 's . It looks like her . Monday 14th February Evening . I couldn 't go outside the entire afternoon . Around 2 o 'clock , the sky was overcast and the wind was blowing up a storm . The rainstorms that followed did nothing to calm the violence of this storm . Darling , are you ready ? We 're eating . - I listened to the news on the radio . Women fainted . Men screamed . The police overwhelmed . This crazy English son-of-a-bitch wanted that we sing " La Marseillaise " . To console the poor French . The French thought that they were being made fun of . After that , it was a free-for-all . I do have to add that we were noticeably drunk . I thought you were in your room . I called you 10 minutes ago . Sorry , Morel , I went out for a bit . The night is so tranquil . Of course you 're forgiven . Our friend has a passion for moonlight . Who were you dreaming of , Faustine ? - Do you know the virtues of this star ? - Your expertise would enrichen us . Two years ago , you founded a worshippers cult . The groom at the Carlton couldn 't believe it . - Don 't blame Madeleine for her inventive mind . The perils of old age should be expected at these banquets . Miss Duncan has far too much . - She 's so extravagant ! She married a Soviet hack . A chronic drunk , brutal . I speak from experience . He threw a chair at my head ! He was arguing with a barman so I called the management . He threw his dollars on the table , screamed insults in Russian . She dabbles in theatre , and Bolshevik law . And in style ... When we think of all the trouble they caused . Voronov , their children lost their lives on butchers hooks . - People dying of hunger . It strengthens hatred . Sergei told me of such scenes ... Excuse-me , I 'm a little cold . I 'll go up and get a shawl . - Where were you during the war ? - London , at headquarters , an enjoyable post . I was living at the Savoy and I had three mistresses . A blonde , a redhead and a negress . The switch is blocked . You 're right . You 've got to love those fleeting moments . And not this sad immortality that they promised us . Who 's up for bridge ? I am if I play with you , Morel . I don 't want to worry the sensibilities of a soul as charming as yours , only indulge you in other pleasures ... I was told that God , already so ill ... died recently . I don 't want to grieve you . Irene , darling , I 'm going to hire you at the Scala ! You 'd be divine there . Divine ! I 'm going to fleece you all ! Morel , I 'll play with you . Stoewer , take my place . I 'm out . I 'm going to woo Ulysse . He 's no-one ! You 're swooning over him . It 's ridiculous ! Ulysse ! I spoke badly of you . Jane , I love you . You see ? Simple abuse . You have exquisite skin , my dear . - I propose a toast to our friend , Jane . I decree arbitrarily that it is her birthday ! LONG LIVE JANE ! Alright , we 're not in a caberet . Let 's play . - What a temper ! I imagine that I 'm struck down by the great plague . I am feverish . People , music , Faustine , are nothing but dreams . The ebb and flow of a dying delirium . A second hypothesis comes to mind . That my poor nutrition and the cove 's pungent air have rendered me invisible , since the intruders had not seen me . I reject the idea of entrapment . These people are more brutal and more direct . Third hypothesis : the intruders are visitors from another world . Who have - out of necessity - adopted our appearance , our customs . Their eyes could not see . Their ears could not hear . Or else I am an unwitting visitor exploring the world of the dead . Like Dante or Swedenborg . I have begun to think that it is I the dead . I like this idea enormously , since it is the most plausible . 15th February I wandered around the museum all night . There was a shadow with Faustine in her room . Was it that of Morel 's ? Then , the light went out . In the morning , a boat appeared . How had it reached La Paz with the storm that night ? - Captain , there was no difficulty with our operation ? No . Your programme was respected . I left the sailor at Rabaul . Dying , he was blind . The doctors were unable to do anything for him . They spoke of a rare plague . You know , news travels fast . I 'm happy . Let 's go and join these ladies . They want to hear your reports . Captain , tell me more about Morel 's little secrets . He is strange , that man . Ah ... tonight . I wanted to say . I would like you all after dinner . There 's something I have to say . - Captain , did you bring the saris ? I 've been dying of excitement for 8 days . One piece of advice : don 't speak about this sailors disease . They worry , and their histrionics drive me crazy . I just want that our last evening here be enjoyable . Bring all of that . You 'll serve refreshments later , when I tell you . That 's proof of their bad intentions . It 's an European issue . - Take a seat . Please . We only keep the head . It controls the machine . Morel , what extravagance have you prepared ? Take a seat . I 'll only begin once everyone 's here . Friends , please ! Morel , you 're no fun at all . Friends , please allow me to set the scene which will seem boring at first then horrifying We 'll forget it . I thought first of telling you nothing . I would have used you . Without rebellion . Just until the last moment of our stay on this island . But you are my friends . You have the right to know . My confession is that I have recorded and documented all of you without permission . It 's not a recording like any other . On this recording , we will live forever . Imagine a film that represents our lives during this week . The decor would be the sea , the sky , the island , the museum , the swimming pool . The actors : ourselves . In this film , we live forever . That 's outrageous , Morel ! Is this a joke ? It 's pure exploitation ! Please , please ... I could 've told you that we 'd live this week eternally . We surely would 've wasted it . Striving for joy , simulating a continual cheeriness . Before this infinite mirror , which acts would have been alive ? Which expressions warm ? I thought that if we were not obliged to use the best of our time , regardless of the week we 'd spend together , life would be enjoyable . Is that not so ? I 'd have given you an enjoyable eternity . So ... It wouldn 't all be perfect , of course . Friends wouldn 't be able to come . Claude is working on a large oeuvre dealing in the disagreement between God and the individual . Gloria rests at home from her accident at Gstaad . Too tired to join us . Luis Carbon is in Africa . On a long hunt . They apologise for their absence . Poor Charlie , of course . But I kept them . If someone wants to see , I can show them . - Horrifying ! Morel , you 're horrible ! - Charlie ? I 'm now going to explain my invention to you . Or at least explain the principles that governed the construction of my machines . The list of known scientific means that address absence could be as follows . Concerning eyesight , photography , cinema , television . Concerning hearing , the radio , the telephone , the phonograph . These inventions , as advanced as they are today , only fill in the absence for two of our senses . And only then , in a limited and imperfect way . I will perfect existing machines . I will get - with the aid of complicated optical , electrical machines - spatial representation of image and sound . In 3D . My projections do without screens . They are catered for by entire space ! Day and night . I thought then that now one must invent devices to play similar roles for the other senses : taste , touch , smell . So I put myself to work . How was I to capture the waves of unknown vibrations ? After endless experiments , and fruitless attempts , I managed to determine the quality of these waves and create machines that could record them . But each sense required separate machines . Much like the difference in what a phonograph is used for what a cinema projector is used for . During the last stages of my research , I managed to synchronise the various sensors . I had sight , hearing , touch , smell , taste ... I had life . This life I hadn 't created . Just the satisfaction in being able to copy it perfectly . Beings and things behaving as wave transmitters that my machines could capture , amplify , retain and project in to a space-time continuum . Recreating so completely the being or the captured entity . No-one would know the difference . If I were to project our own images right now , it would be easier to believe that I had hired a troupe of amazing actors than to believe that these were merely images of us . Yesterday , about to eat , to play , to read , to sleep ... Today , about to listen . Following my research , I was surprised to notice that the beings and the entities only lived in those recorded moments . And as soon as those moments passed , they repeated the same scene . Since the beginning . And hereon indefinitely . Except for a voluntary stop of the machine . It 's barely believable ! You 're difficult to understand . I have evidence . If you 'd like , I will show you my attempts . But they 're somewhat monstrous . I have not managed to synchronise the machines . I would very much like to see these attempts . - All this scares me . You attempted all this at Schwachter 's ? - Yes . - And strange things happened . Serious , even , in this factory . - These insinuations ! - They 're not insinuations ... - I dare you to show me ! - Stoewer ! It 's unprecedented ! I won 't stand this ! It 's obnoxious ! Threatened in my own home ! - Joe 's crazy . - Attacking Morel in that way ... - You spoke out of line , Stoewer . Go and and get Morel . - Go on , go and apologise . For heaven 's sake , all of you , just open your eyes ! You 've not realised a thing . Morel said that he 's recorded us ... All our thoughts , and acts are captured ... That he 's made us into images ... And that 's all this does to you ? What about Schwachter 's factory ? That doesn 't tell you anything ? All those deaths whilst Morel was there ... I 've seen the photos . You forget that Morel recorded himself as well . He 's not dead , as far as I know . He made a few unfortunate errors , but that was just coincidence ... He 's maybe not as mad as that . He 's not coming back . He 's so touchy . OK , we 'll drink without him . To the island and to his invention . And to our final evening . I 'll drink to Morel 's invention . And because it is every week and for all eternity , that I make this toast . I drink to today , 25th November 1925 , and to the 25th November ' 45 , and to ' 65 , and to ' 85 and 2005 , and so on and so forth . And when I 'm an old hag , I 'll come back to this island and relect on my alter-ego . My young , intact alter-ego . Old Morel ... He almost managed to scare me . Me too , I 'm scared . I remember Charlie 's death . Drink , Stoewer , and you 'll see how much this Dom Perignon stinks of sulphur . - My dear friends , since Morel has built you such a beautiful machine , I suggest a dignified pose , to capture it all . In place , for the family portrait . The smaller in front , the taller at the back . Wait a minute , Faustine . Couldn 't we get dressed up ? Much solemnity is required . Don 't you find ? Wondrous , I 'll put on my feathers ! You 're going to see that ! - Wonderful . Come along , Madeleine . If the baron saw that , he 'd go crazy with excitement . Shadows . Only the shadows . I no longer have to hide . They only see what they saw 10 years ago . They only hear what they heard 10 years ago . Faustine . A shadow . I live on an island populated by shadows who cannot see . An island populated by stupid shadows . - Wait ! Someone 's missing . Who , Charlie ? That 's in very bad taste . It 's Morel . He has to pose too ! Morel ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! MOREL ! Was Morel 's invention a failure ? Have they stopped working completely ? A sudden accident ? A temporary glitch ? Is the museum still prey to the curse ? Everything works as it did . The past has stopped feasting on the present . I read a book although I 'd paid it no attention . It discusses tides in the southern hemisphere . It was reassuring . I took the papers that Morel had thrown into the basin . I saw there that he had made a minute error in his calculations . He 'd over-estimated the strength of certain tides . These machines employ more energy than water can provide . The sea creates shadows at her own will . The next high tide will bring Faustine back to me . As far as I understand ; much like the rest of the island , people and objects ; the wall was recorded by Morel 's sensors . It is the machine 's projection , like Morel , Faustine . For as long as the motors run , and the tide supplies the energy , nothing in the world can free me from this place . The museum , the island itself , the earth ; they would come to disappear . As long as this energy fuels the motors , Morel 's week will tirelessly repeat itself . I cannot count on the tide . It is a cycle of vast waters . In 10 days , I will be either be mad , or dead from starvation . I only have one hope . Understand from reading these papers how to operate the motors , and how to stop them . I slept badly . I start suffering from thirst . The air has become thick and stifling . If I do not find a solution , I will suffocate like the submarine captain whose story I read whilst in Calcutta . I scanned the pages prepared by Morel for his lecture . Last night , he hadn 't told us everything . - " I built these motors , this museum , for a woman . The word " museum " that I use for this house dates back to a time when I still did not know what I would do with my invention . I wanted to store here images in the pages of an album , or consider them as works of art . Because I believed myself superior , I thought it would be easy for me to make her fall in love . Easier than to build a paradise . I wanted to act without premeditation . My hopes were dashed . I 'd lost her trust , her friendship . I should have convinced her to come alone with me . It was impossible . Since I confessed to her my feelings , I never saw her alone . If I 'd have taken her with me , we would have quarreled forever . I decided to take you all , my friends , hoping that , in the middle of such a group , a change would occur in her behaviour . " - Here , Morel stopped . Not wanting to further clarify his disappointment . Is he speaking about Faustine ? In this case , I fear he is . Faustine leaves . A doubt comes to me . Was Morel telling the truth ? These motors , these screens , do they serve as nothing more than to simply satisy the monstrous needs of a sick man ? Faustine ... Faustine 's image ... Of which terrible mysteries are you responsible ? Will you come back and save me ? They have left . I didn 't destroy the machines . What purpose would there be in living if I were never to see Faustine again ? There was a problem in the way Morel had constructed the engines . That their functioning correctly depended on his survival . They 're surely extremely solid . They 're different to others . Morel designed them so that we would not understand their functioning . I 've been trapped here for three days . For the 20th time , maybe , I turn , hoping to understand . I spent the day searching the museum for the sensors that Morel spoke of . Now acquainted with his character , I spent a long time in his room , trying to know more about him and his invention . I know how to turn the machines back on without them locking me in . I finished reading Morel 's papers . " This will allow us to always feel renewed life . There will be no other memories , at each moment of the projection , except those that we had at the moment of recording . " - Tomorrow , I will restart the motors . The others I 'll leave ' til Monday , the first day of the week . Faustine will be reborn . - Do you want milk or lemon in your tea ? Lemon . I 'm on a diet . I 'll take champagne . Here I am surrounded by shadow . I cannot escape a genuine fear that these people I 'm mingling with are just images that I 've never even taken . I suppose I 'll get used to this kingdom of death . I can 't help but looking at them as if they were machines . Beautifully arranged models . I am behind a window of a heaven or a hell . These shadows are perfect . There remains only one thing that I can be sure of . I fear that their bodies no longer have human warmth . - What beautiful weather , Morel . Did you sleep well ? - Really well . Thank you . Did you ? I dreamt that I were to stay here eternally . Heaven ! In eight days , you 'd want to be in London , or in Rome . - Of course . But for the moment I 'm here . - I 'm thrilled that you love the island , Jane . A frightening realisation : Their bodies are marble , their gestures set . They are unable to deviate from their recorded path . I realise the danger I run by living with the shadows . They could crush me . I will take care in future . I must sleep outside , ready to flee if I need to . I now understand the anomalies of the museum . Nothing that was recorded can be modified . The locked doors remain so just until another 's opened . Same with the light switches , the curtains , the windows ... This world is a dangerous trap but not in the way I imagined a month ago . I must be alert and on guard non-stop . For the shadows , it 's Wednesday . Third day of Morel 's week . I know that Faustine went up to her room after Morel walked her back . During the day , it is one of the only times when I can go into her room . The recorded door stays open long enough for me to enter . - Who 's there ? - Morel . - Come in . But stay there , Morel . I 'm naked in the bathroom . You 've got nothing to wear in there ? No . You 're trapped . Ah , Morel ... if you saw me naked , it 's you that 'd look away . Be nice . Go and wait for me downstairs . Leave , Morel . Faustine , you 're mine . And you don 't even know it . You left this island 10 years ago but still you are here . Thanks to your inventor . Had he hoped to win your love in a week ? How long have you known him ? Now , Faustine from 10 years ago , how did you find Morel ? Today , where are you ? In my country , maybe . You look gorgeous in that dress , Faustine . You 're not afraid you 've panicked Morel ? I love you , Faustine . What fun to play this game with you . What a strange couple we make . How I 'd love to play your game . Live by your side . Yesterday , I tested on animals to check the devices ' capabilities . There is nothing to distinguish the live birds from their image . I feel a kind of triumph . As if I had created life . I now understand Morel 's staggering arrogance . None of this matters now that we 're leaving . You 've let yourself go , Morel . We are guided by our dreams . Should we destroy them ? Once again , for Morel and his guests , the week comes to an end . Used to seeing this week repeat itself , I feel that mine is ruled entirely by chance . I think of Morel 's discourse . " Please allow me to set the scene which will seem boring at first , " ... then horrifying . " Why horrifying ? Is being recorded so terrible ? Morel has a secret . He knows something , but is not saying , and there is no trace of it in his papers . Has this secret something to do with his invention ? And if yes , which one ? They board the yacht . Where are they going ? At least , where were they going , 10 years ago ? To which land , to which shore ? Are they dead ? I imagine the Japanese cruiser Namura , the sunken cargo ... Why , exactly , this island ? What if the sunken cargo was nothing more than Morel 's yacht ? And if those decomposed lepers were Faustine , the guests ... I think again of the Sicilian 's tale , and of Stoewer 's accusations , of the conversation with the captain ... Do the machines kill ? Is death the price for this forged survival ? Suddenly this reveals a coherent whole . I understand how to organise fragments of conversations , and of images , which , until now , I 'd thought had no meaning . The machines kill . - Friends , please allow me to set the scene which will seem boring at first then horrifying . - And Schwachter 's factory ? All the deaths whilst Morel was there . - Leave the dying sailor at Rabaul . Doctors made no diagnostic . We 're speaking of a rare plague . The Sicilian 's words come back to me . " This island is the home to a mysterious illness ... " " ... that kills the surface from within . " " The passengers of a steamer , anchored off the island ... " " were all skinned , bald ... and without fingernails " " when the Japanese Namura cruiser found them . " The Japanese cruiser sank it with cannon fire 10 years ago . The yacht lies several fathoms underwater just off the island . How had I not understood sooner ? Faustine , gone forever , dead . Her body amongst the rusted scraps . Faustine ... From her death , lives her icy double , on this island forever . Faustine ... The assumption that the images have souls seems to be confirmed by the effects from my machine . - A monstrosity . Morel used his own death , and those of his friends - to confirm the widespread rumour concerning the illness that struck the island - to protect his machines and his immortality . I thought at one time that I could exchange his invention for a passport , for my grace . Then , the idea made me smile . My life stops here . These shadows now belong to me . I will pay the price , as demanded by Morel . My ordeal would have been long . Anxiety , terror , hunger and thirst grinding at my body and mind . At the end of this horrible tunnel , I decided to die . I will live eternally with Faustine . Saved from interminable days that I would 've had to endure whilst waiting to die in a world without Faustine . I will record myself , participate in Morel 's week , destroy his dream . I have to repeat thoroughly all my gestures , all my attitudes ; all my words must agree perfectly with my gestures , my attitudes , to Faustine 's words , and to those of the intruders . I must take care not to be knocked over by a shadow , as I was 15 days ago . We arrived yesterday on this island . Me as a stowaway . I find it difficult to converse with the shadows . We 're not from the same world . Their banalities are unbearable . It 's the one thing that bores me . To live for eternity in a world that I 've constantly fought against . I will try to forget what I am . Imagining Faustine will help . " When I completed my invention , it came to me first as a folly for the imagination , then as an incredible project , which gave a permanent reality to my sentimental fantasy . " This week , Morel hatched the death of his friends , and his own , to achieve immortality with Faustine . Beautiful , unattainable Faustine . Her beauty warranted those follies , those respects , those crimes . I think of this eternity with her and death becomes an open door to bliss . I must ensure that the operation of the machines runs smoothly . This paradise will be exalted . Yesterday , I managed to speak to Faustine . I hope to give the impression that I was carried toward the rocks . I must use extreme precision . My gestures must correspond exactly with hers and the risk of being harmed by her is great . I begin to know her movements , her reactions . I wanted to experiment , however wrong , with my resistance to smaller objects . Like the stones she throws . I had to stop the machines to heal my wounds . My hand looked like a bullet had torn through it . This constant attention causes nervous exhaustion . I am constantly in danger of dying . It is the necessary pain that will open for me this paradise . The final challenge imposed by the shadows . I sit down for a while in this chair . In 10 seconds , Madeleine will come . I get up , I ask Madeleine to take my place and to sit down opposite Faustine . Madeleine sits . I can only serve myself the same objects as the shadows . The alcohol does not slide down my throat . My cigarette will not light . Therefore , for each moment with them , I must predict which objects , and accessories , that I seize will stop the machines . I divide the objects into two . Those I take and move are usable . The images continue their recorded existance . I take a cigarette from a pack in Morel 's supplies . I move closer to Morel . Madeleine gets up . She 's not playing . She has to pass behind Faustine . I start to belong in the group . A spectator could not believe in two different worlds . I laugh thinking about my situation three weeks ago . When I moved through the living room , terrified . When I do record myself , I will need to use this same precision . To avoid people and objects , I 'll play my body like a matador dancing with his bull . The tighter , the fairer . I stay a moment behind Morel . In 2 seconds I 'll turn around to Christina and Ulysse , then toward Jane . I raise my glass and drink to their health . They raise a toast to Jane . Jane , to love . I 'll take a step back to let Ulysse try and woo Christina . I 'll move at the last minute . He leads her to the window . I go round the table . I go behind Stoewer , and then behind Jane . I take my place just behind Faustine , on her right . I observe Faustine et Morel . I watch their moves . I 'm afraid that they 'll catch my glance . I raise my head . Stoewer gets up , goes towards Faustine , forcing me to step to my left . I look again at Faustine 's hand . Stoewer goes and sits opposite her . I retake my place behind her right shoulder . She hesitates . I advise her . I feel ready . Monday , I will turn on the recording machines . I know I can never take place in your bed . I find your sheets have the hardness of marble . It 's done . My week is recorded . I 'm going to die . I exhausted the energy reserves in recording it . I now just have to wait for the tides . Eight days of anxiety . I fear everything . I have an idea . What if Morel had fixed his machines so that his week were blessed ? I hope that when I become a shadow , like them , I will see things as they had lived , 10 years ago . The anxiety I had concerning Morel and Faustine 's relationship disappears . To an unwitting spectator , she loves me and I love her . Our images are bonded together for eternity . I saw her with me earlier . The result was so perfect that it reduces the horror of my illness . My skin is burned . I have lost my hair , and my fingernails . My strength decreases . A frequent throbbing forces me to close my eyes . - Go and apologise . - Open your eyes , everyone ! You 've not realised a thing . Morel said that he 's recorded us ... All our thoughts , and acts are captured ... That he 's made us into images ... And that 's all this does to you ? What about Schwachter 's factory ? That doesn 't tell you anything ? All those deaths whilst Morel was there ... I 've seen the photos . You forget that Morel recorded himself as well . He 's not dead , as far as I know . He made a few unfortunate errors , but that was just coincidence ... He 's maybe not as mad as that . He 's not coming back . He 's so touchy . OK , we 'll drink without him ; to the island , and to his invention . And to our final evening . I 'll drink to Morel 's invention . - Do you want milk or lemon in your tea ? - Lemon . I 'm on a diet . - I 'll take champagne . You have exquisite skin , my dear . - I 'll have a brandy . - Yes , sir . - I propose a toast to our friend , Jane . I decree arbitrarily that it is her birthday ! Long live Jane ! LONG LIVE JANE ! Alright , we 're not in a cabaret . Let 's play . Don 't you find Morel just a little bizarre ? He is not well , Morel . It will pass . Faustine is very beautiful . - What a strange evening . Jane and Christina were hyper . It 's more Morel I 'm thinking about . What an incredible story ... Ten years ago , he caused a scandal in scientific circles with his theories on light . He 's a character ! What do you do to have such smooth skin ? I love you . Let 's go to Caracas in spring . It 's a wonderful season . The women are beautiful . You 'll see . We 'll go to wild bullfights . That 's the show for you . The party 's still going . They 're indestructible . Ulysse , especially . He 's a prince of night . You are beautiful . Beautiful . I 'd like you to see the mountains . The air there is dry and cold . The Indian shepherds would make us a soft bed of leaves . We 'll go next year . I 'm feeling weaker and weaker . I am going to die here in the middle of all these motors , where I 'll be the watchman . They serve me . They pay tribute to my death . To he whom may discover this report one day , I have but one request . Look at us . It depends on you that we , Faustine and I , remain forever bound in the floods of time .
