 Captain 's log , stardate 5718.3 . The Enterprise is orbiting Elba II , a planet with a poisonous atmosphere where the Federation maintains an asylum for the few remaining incorrigible criminally insane of the galaxy . We are bringing a revolutionary new medicine to them , a medicine with which the Federation hopes to eliminate mental illness for all of time . I am transporting down with Mr. Spock , and we are delivering the medicine to Dr. Donald Cory , the governor of the colony . - Donald , good to see you . - Governor . Gentlemen , you don 't know what a treat this is for me . It 's been too long since I 've had company , Jim . The forcefield 's back in place now . That means you two are trapped here . And I 'm not accepting any excuses for your not dining with me . We 'd be delighted . Governor , you indicated one additional inmate since our last visit , making a total of 15 . - Is that correct ? - It is . The rehabilitation programme isn 't progressing too well . And I have my doubts about the effectiveness of this medicine too . Why , Donald , are you becoming a pessimist ? I 'm afraid I have . A total of 15 incurably insane out of billions is not what I would call an excessive figure . - Who is the new inmate ? - Garth . Garth of Izar , a former starship fleet captain . When I was a cadet at the academy , his exploits were required reading . He was one of my heroes . - I 'd like to see him , Donald . - Of course . Captain . You 're making a mistake . Captain Kirk is pressed for time at the moment , Marta . There 's nothing the matter with me . Can 't you see just by looking at me ? Can 't you tell just by listening ? She sounds rational enough , captain . - I am rational . - Well , what is it you want to tell me ? I can 't tell you in front of him . You 're afraid to talk in front of Governor Cory ? He isn 't really Governor Cory at all . That 's just it . She 's been saying that for days now . Our medical staff can 't figure out why . Here 's Garth . He 's been unusually disturbed , and we 've had to impose additional restraint . Cory ? Yes , Jim . I 'm Cory . It 's true . He tricked you . You said you wanted to see me , captain . Well , here I am . Space , the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its five-year mission : To explore strange new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilisations , to boldly go where no man has gone before . Your Vulcan friend is still alive , captain . My phaser was set to stun , not to kill . He 'll be quite comfortable . Almost as comfortable as you and our esteemed governor . Garth , do you have to make him suffer like that ? You will address me by my proper title , Kirk . I 'm sorry . I should 've said " Captain Garth . " I am Lord Garth , formerly of Izar , and I lead the future masters of the universe . I 'm sorry , Lord Garth . You Earth people are a stiff-necked lot , aren 't you ? Release him . I 'm afraid that subjugating you won 't be enough . You must be confined . And all the people of the galaxy who will not bow to my will must be confined or destroyed . Captain Garth , listen to me . Our beloved governor has decided to address us , and we have not given him our permission to speak . Are you so afraid of him that you must keep him pinned ? I 'm afraid of no one . You 're all powerless against me . Thank you . Now , what have you done with the medicine ? The medicine ? You mean the poison . I destroyed it ... - Destroyed it ? It was your only hope . - Silence ! The chatter of inferior weaklings wearies me . And it 's time I took command of the Enterprise . You will help me , of course . - Of course . - My crew mutinied . The first use I will make of the Enterprise is to hunt them down and punish them for that . The crew of the Enterprise will also mutiny . But they won 't . You see , captain , there 's a helpful technique I 've mastered . Goodbye , darling , I 'll miss you . Governor Cory , how do you feel ? All right . There is no help for any of us if that madman is in command of the Enterprise . He boasts that he 's created the most powerful explosive in the universe , and I believe him . How does he manage to change form at will ? The people of Antos taught him the techniques of cellular metamorphosis to restore the destroyed parts of his body . And by himself , he later learned to use the technique to re-create himself into any form he wished . The first time we knew about it was when a guard , seeing what he thought was me in Garth 's cell , released him . He was such a genius . What a waste . Forcefield is off . Good . Remain here out of sight until I give you the order to join me . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Scott here , sir . Beam me aboard . Aye , sir . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 . - I said , beam me aboard . - I said , queen to Queen 's Level 3 . We have no time for chess problems . Beam me aboard . I 'm following your orders , captain . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 . Just testing . Be in touch with you later . No ! No ! No ! I gave him the sign . Why didn 't he give me the countersign ? Something 's wrong . Using the chess problem was the captain 's own suggestion . He couldn 't have forgotten it , and I can 't believe he was testing me . Lieutenant , reestablish communication . Aye , sir . There 's no response , Mr. Scott . Send an armed detail to the Transporter Room immediately . Aye , aye , sir . Mr. Sulu , what do your sensors show ? We can 't beam anybody down , sir . The forcefield on the planet is in full operation and all forms of transport into the asylum dome are blocked off . Well , we could blast our way through the field , but only at the risk of destroying the captain , Mr. Spock , and any other living thing on Elba II . How can we be powerful enough to wipe out a planet and still be so helpless ? We are going to take the Enterprise . Do you hear me ? We are going to take her if I have to shatter every bone in Captain Kirk 's body . Captain ? Captain Kirk ? Well , I hope you haven 't been too uncomfortable , captain . I thank you for your concern . All in all , it 's been rather restful . Good . Still , I 'm afraid I 've been quite remiss in my duties as your host . But I did invite you down to dinner , as you may recall . - I 'd forgotten . - But I haven 't . You and Mr. Spock are to be my guests . - Where is Mr. Spock ? - Right here . Marta ! Why can 't I blow off just one of his ears ? Stop that , Marta . Mr. Spock will think we 're lacking in hospitality . Won 't you join us , captain ? - How are you , Mr. Spock ? - Very well indeed , thank you , captain . Isn 't Governor Cory joining us ? No , the governor doesn 't seem to be on the guest list . An oversight ? An intentional one . The governor is fasting . In that case , we must decline with thanks . Captain . Don 't be a fool , Jim . Go along with him . Good advice , governor . Well , captain ? You 'll find we set a handsome table , and the entertainment is most enjoyable . You 're very persuasive . Yes , I am . I certainly am . Keep your hands off Kirk . You treacherous thing . - You 're jealous . - I am above that sort of thing . The captain is annoyed by your attentions , that 's all . Am I annoying you , dearest ? Not really . He finds me fascinating , and you are bothered by it . - Admit it . - I may have you beaten to death . No , you won 't , because I am the most beautiful woman on this planet . You 're the only woman on this planet , you stupid cow . Well , I 'm the most beautiful woman in this galaxy . - You 're repulsive . - I 'm beautiful . And I 'm intelligent too . I write poetry and I paint marvellous pictures . And I am a wonderful dancer . Lies , all lies ! You 're the greatest liar I have ever met . Let me hear one poem you 've written . If you like . Captain , if you could create a diversion , I might be able to find the control room and open the forcefield . All we need is a few seconds if Scotty has alerted the security detail . Gentlemen . Courtesy for the performer . Shall I compare thee to a Summer 's day ? Thou art more lovely and more temperate : Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May , And Summer 's lease hath all ... - You wrote that ? - Yesterday , as a matter of fact . It was written by an earthman named Shakespeare a long time ago . Which does not alter the fact that I wrote it again yesterday . I think it 's one of my best poems , don 't you ? I may kill you with my bare hands ! Actually , captain , she is a superb dancer . Marta , my dear , won 't you dance for our guests ? That was not a request . Marvellous , isn 't she , captain ? Yes . Incredible . What is your reaction , Mr. Spock ? Well , I find it mildly interesting and somewhat nostalgic , if I understand the use of that word . Nostalgic ? Yes , it is somewhat reminiscent of the dances that Vulcan children do in nursery school . Of course , the children are not so well-coordinated . She 's yours if you wish , captain . Thank you , that 's very magnanimous of you . Well , you 'll find that I am magnanimous to my friends and merciless to my enemies . And I want you , both of you , to be my friends . On what precisely is our friendship to be based ? Well , upon the firmest of foundations , Mr. Spock : Enlightened self-interest . You , captain , are second only to me as the finest military commander in the galaxy . That 's very flattering . I am primarily an explorer now , Captain Garth . And so have I been . I have charted more new worlds than any man in history . And tried to destroy Antos IV . Why ? Well , I could say because they were actively hostile to the Federation . Yes , you could say , but that would be untrue . Agreed . Actually , they were quite harmless , and they made me whole when I was maimed and dying . And in my gratitude , I offered them a galaxy . But they rejected me and I condemned them to death . How could you , a starship fleet captain , believe that a Federation crew would blindly obey your order to destroy the entire Antos race , a people famous for their benevolence and peaceful pursuits ? That was my only miscalculation . I had changed . I had risen above this decadent weakness , which still has you in its command , by the way , captain . My crew had not . I couldn 't sway them . But my new crew , the men in this room , will obey my orders without question . Gentlemen , you have eyes , but you cannot see . Galaxies surround us , limitless vistas . And yet the Federation would have us grub away like some ants on some somewhat-larger-than-usual anthill . But I am not an insect . I am master of the universe , and I must claim my domain . I agree there was a time when war was necessary and you were our greatest warrior . I studied your victory at Axanar when I was a cadet . In fact , it 's still required reading at the academy . - As well it should be . - Very well . But my first visit to Axanar was as a new-fledged cadet on a peace mission . Peace mission ? Politicians and weaklings . They were humanitarians and statesmen . And they had a dream , a dream that became a reality and spread throughout the stars . A dream that made Mr. Spock and me brothers . Mr. Spock , do you consider Captain Kirk and yourself brothers ? Captain Kirk speaks somewhat figuratively and with undue emotion . However , what he says is logical , and I do , in fact , agree with it . Blind . Truly blind . Captain Kirk is your commanding officer and you are his subordinate , and that is all . Yet , Mr. Spock , you are a worthy commander in your own right , and in my fleet , you will surely have a starship to command . Please forgive me , but exactly where is your fleet ? Out there , waiting for me . They will flock to my cause , and for good reason . Limitless power , limitless wealth , and solar systems ruled by the elite . We , gentlemen , are that elite , and we must take what is rightfully ours from the decadent weaklings that now hold it . - Captain Garth ... - Lord Garth . As you wish . At any rate , you must be aware of the fact that you are attempting to re-create the disaster which resulted in your becoming an inmate in this place . I was betrayed and treated barbarically . On the contrary , you were treated with justice and with compassion , which you 've failed to show towards any of your intended victims . Logically , therefore , one must assume ... Remove this animal ! Won 't you try some of this wine , captain ? It has a robust , full-bodied flavour which I 'm sure you 'll find diverting . No , thank you , I prefer to join Mr. Spock . And I prefer that you remain here . Marta , my dear . We found your little divertissement enchanting , didn 't we , captain ? But there 's much , much more to come . The entertainment has merely begun . By the way , I assume you play chess . - Occasionally . - So do I. How would you respond to queen to Queen 's Level 3 ? I 'm sure you 're aware that there are an infinite number of countermoves . I am interested in only one . I can 't for the life of me imagine which one . " For the life of me " is a phrase well-chosen , captain . It could literally come to that . Dead , I am of no use to you . But I could make you long for death , beg for death . In the midnight of November When the Dead Man 's Fair is nigh And the danger in the valley And the anger in the sky I wrote that this morning . - Do you like it ? - Yes , I think it 's very good . Tell him what he wants to know and we 'll go away together . I can 't . But you must . I beg of you . No , don 't beg , Marta . It 's degrading . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 , captain . You 'll talk freely , and quite soon . What you see before you , captain , is my latest invention . Quite ordinary in appearance . Almost primitive , wouldn 't you say ? Yes , I recognise it . It 's used for rehabilitation purposes . It helped many men back to health . Appearances can be deceiving . Once , it was a part of the rehabilitation process and , as such , quite painless . And , I might add , useless too . It made men docile and of no use to me . I 've added certain refinements through the use of ultrasonic waves . The chair is no longer painless . Put the governor in it . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 , Captain Kirk ? It is in fact exquisitely painful , as you will now see . Interesting , isn 't it ? The pain is real and can be prolonged indefinitely because there is no actual destruction of tissue . Stop it ! Of course , captain . You had but to ask . Now , as you can see , he has not been harmed physically . Yet the memory of the exquisite torment remains . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 , captain . - No . - Too bad . Remove our distinguished governor . Put Captain Kirk in the chair . No , you mustn 't do that . You really are becoming offensive to me , my dear . Don 't make it necessary for me to put you in it . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 , Captain Kirk . Please , stop it . You want him , don 't you ? - Yes . - Badly enough to join him ? Listen to me , my Lord Garth . I can get him to tell me what you want to know . Might be interesting to have you try . No breakthrough ? No , Mr. Scott , still no response from the planet . Sensor readings ? The forcefield is weakest on the far side of the planet . We can send down a shuttlecraft carrying a team in environmental suits . It won 't work , Scotty . They 'd have to cover thousands of miles through a poisonous atmosphere before they 'd ever reach the asylum . Aye , you 're right . And even if they made it , they couldn 't carry anything powerful enough to break through the asylum dome . Only the ship herself could do that . Probably kill Jim and Spock . Doctor , they may already be dead . Slowly , darling , slowly . Rest . Is this more of Garth 's persuasion , Marta ? I told him I 'd discover your secret . I lied . I would have told him anything to save you from that torment . - I believe you mean that . - I do . This is where I 've longed to be . I think I knew I loved you from the moment I first saw you . Marta . Marta , I can help you . But I must get to the Enterprise to do that . - That 's not possible . - Yes , it is . It is . If I can get to the control room and remove the forcefield , then Garth is finished . - Garth is my leader . - He will lead you to destruction . He 's already destroyed the medicine that could have helped you . But there 's more medicine aboard the ship . I 'll help you , but you must wait . You do you see that , don 't you ? Soon your friend Spock will be here , and then ... - Spock ? - At least I 've arranged that much . How did you manage that ? A convincing lie told to a guard who finds me desirable . Darling . No , no , you mustn 't stop me . He 's my lover and I have to kill him . She seems to have worked out an infallible method for assuring permanent male fidelity . - Interesting . - I 'm very glad to see you . Thank you , captain . We 're now armed . I presume we shall try to reach the control room . Yes , you presume correctly . - Forcefield is now off , captain . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Mr. Scott , it 's the captain . Scott here , captain . You had us worried . Mr. Scott , I want a fully armed security detail beamed down here on the double . They 're already in the Transporter Room , sir . And have Dr. McCoy prepare additional medicine as quickly as possible . Aye , aye , sir . Captain , I suggest you return to the ship at once . Your safety is vital to the Enterprise . Waiting for your order , captain . I also request permission to remain here , in charge of the security team you beam down . - Very well , Spock . - Still waiting , captain . Mr. Scott , the captain 's life is in immediate danger . Beam him aboard at once . The security team will be entrusted to me . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 . Repeat , queen to Queen 's Level 3 . He 's waiting for the proper reply , captain . Give the countersign as ordered . Scotty , Mr. Spock will give the countersign . Give him the countersign , captain . Security detail , stand by to beam down . Blast away , captain , if you can . Do you think I 'm fool enough to give you a charged phaser ? What have you done with Spock ? Where is he ? I have done nothing with him as of yet , but I do have plans for him . The Vulcan will die rather horribly , and his death will be on your conscience . - Captain Garth ... - Lord Garth . No , sir . Captain Garth , starship fleet captain . That 's an honourable title . And I was the greatest of them all , wasn 't I ? Yes , you were . Yes . - But you 're a sick man now , sir . - I have never been more healthy . No . No , think . Think back to what you were , before the accident that sent you to Antos IV . Try . I can 't remember . It 's almost as if I had died and was reborn . No , I ... I can remember . You were the finest student at the academy , the finest starship captain . You were the prototype , the model for the rest of us . Yes , I do remember that . It was a great responsibility , but one I was proud to bear . And you bore it well . And the disease that changed you , it 's not your fault . And the terrible things you did since then , you 're not truly responsible . I don 't wanna hear any more . You 're weak , and you 're trying to drain me of my strength . No , I 'm not . I want you to find what you once had . I want you go back to the greatness that you 've lost , Captain Garth . I am Lord Garth , master of the universe . You doubt me only because I have not as of yet had my coronation . - No , sir , listen to me . I can ... - Stop ! - On your knees . - No . On your knees before me . All the others before me have failed . Alexander , Caesar , Napoleon , Hitler , Lee Kuan , Krotus . All of them are dust . But I will triumph . I will make the ultimate conquest . The throne must be higher . It must be higher than anything else in this room . Use that table as a pedestal . Welcome back , Captain Kirk . I 'm glad you could make it for the coronation . - Coronation ? - Yes . Oh , I know that even a real throne is no more than merely a chair , but the symbolism is important , don 't you agree ? Yes , I agree . You 'll wear a crown too , I presume ? Well , again , just as a token . Not impressive in itself , but it will serve as a standard around which our followers will rally . Garth , you have only a handful of men . You do refuse to enter into the spirit of the thing , don 't you , captain ? Perhaps you 'd like a larger role in the ceremony . You could serve as human sacrifice , for example . No , I wouldn 't enjoy that at all . Besides , you seem to need me alive . True . All right . How about crown prince ? That would make you our heir apparent . Heir apparent , I believe , is the proper role for you . Besides , we have other candidates for our human sacrifice . Who knows ? We 're ready . Well , since there is no one mighty enough to perform this ceremony , we 'll perform it ourselves . Therefore , we hereby proclaim that I am Lord Garth , master of the universe . And we designate our beloved Marta to be our consort . And we further designate Captain James Kirk of the starship Enterprise to be our heir apparent . Let us now remove our heir apparent so that we may conclude this ceremony . Listen to me . This may be our last chance . Garth will destroy all of us unless you help me stop him . And he 's using you , you know , because he wants the power for himself . I brought something down here that might have cured you , but he destroyed it . I can get a patrol down here . They 'd bring some more of that medicine down here ... Well done . Well , captain , you continue to resist . How stupid of you . Put him in that chair , right here . I 've arranged a small entertainment . I wouldn 't want him to miss any of it . Oh , captain , even you must admit that I 'm a genius . What you see here is my latest invention . This is an explosive , the most powerful one in history . If I were to drop this flask , the resulting explosion would vaporise this planet . Now do you see why it is ridiculous for you to resist me , captain ? Well , perhaps you require the demonstration I 've arranged . Watch closely . Now , it is true that she is deadly as a poisonous serpent , but she is also a beautiful woman , and you have held her in your arms , captain . I 've ordered my men to drag her out of the protective dome . And , of course , she would choke to death on the outside in a matter of minutes , but I 've arranged a more merciful end for her , because after all , captain , she is my consort . One tiny crystal implanted in her necklace . A portion of this explosive no bigger than a grain of sand . I propose to detonate it from here . Oh , poor girl . Poor , dear , suffering child . I will help her now . There 's been an explosion on Elba II . Point-nine-five . - It must have wiped out everything . - Immediate probe . - Is the forcefield in place , Mr. Sulu ? - Yes , sir , solidly . Life continues to exist on the planet . We 've gotta break through it somehow . Doctor , I told you we couldn 't do it without killing everyone in the asylum dome . I know it , Scotty . Well , there 's one last thing we might try . Perhaps the ship 's phasers can cut through a section of the forcefield at its weakest point . Where did you say that was located , Mr. Sulu ? On the far side of the planet , Mr. Scott . Will it leave a margin of safety for the people below ? - Yes , sir . - Prepare to change orbital path , Mr. Sulu . Orbital coordinates released , sir . Break synchronous orbit . Come to course 14 , mark 68 . Course 14 , mark 68 . - Synchronous orbit reestablished , sir . - Ship 's phasers to narrow beam . - Ship 's phasers ready , sir . - Let 's punch a hole in it . Full power . Another blast , full power . Forcefield 's still holding , sir . Here . How are your nerves , Kirk ? All I can say , Garth : If it happens to me , it happens to you . You 're an extraordinary fellow , Kirk . Your stubbornness defies all logic . Logic , there 's the key . Your friend Spock is a logical man . A very logical man . Go and bring the Vulcan here to me . Spock is not only a more logical man than you , captain , he 's a more intelligent one , I 'm sure . I shall establish a rapport with him . Fascinating . Your Vulcan friend is a very ingenious fellow . This could be most amusing . - That 's Garth . Stun him . - Hold it , Spock . That 's Garth . Look at me carefully , Spock . - Can 't you tell I 'm your captain ? - Queen to Queen 's Level 3 . I won 't answer that . That 's exactly what he wants to know . Very clever , Garth . That 's exactly what I was gonna say . What are you doing ? Arranging to beam down a security team . - Are there any objections ? - Yes , they may walk into a trap . That 's right . Garth can destroy us . Fascinating . What manoeuvre did we use to defeat the Romulan vessel near Tau Ceti ? Very good , Spock . The Cochrane deceleration . Spock , you know the Cochrane deceleration 's a classic battle manoeuvre . Every starship captain knows that . Agreed , captain . Captains . Gentlemen , whichever one of you is Captain Garth must at this moment be expending a great deal of energy to maintain the image of Captain Kirk . That energy level cannot be maintained indefinitely , and I have time . I 'm your captain , Spock . Can 't you tell ? Shoot . Shoot ! He 's right , Spock , you must shoot . But you must shoot both of us . It 's the only way to ensure the safety of the Enterprise . Captain Kirk , I presume . Mr. Spock . Spock to Enterprise . Enterprise here . Queen to Queen 's Level 3 . Queen to King 's Level 1 . Will intramuscular injection be satisfactory ? Intravenous is indicated unless circumstances make it impossible . How long before it takes effect , Dr. McCoy ? Reversal of arterial and brain damage should begin almost immediately . Captain Garth , I 'm James Kirk . I 'm Mr. Spock , science officer on a starship . The starship Enterprise . Starship ? - Starship ... - Yes , sir , the Enterprise . I 'm the captain . - Can I help you ? - No , captain . The medicine seems to be taking effect . I can manage . It 's very encouraging . Should I know you , sir ? No , captain . No . - Mr. Spock . - Yes , captain ? Tell me something . Why was it so impossible to tell the difference between us ? It was not impossible , captain . Our presence here is proof of that . Yes , and congratulations . What took you so long ? The interval of uncertainty was actually fairly brief , captain . It only seemed long to you . I was waiting for a victor in the hand-to-hand struggle , which I assumed would be Captain Garth . Because of your depleted condition . Failing a resolution to the struggle , I was forced to use other means to make my determination . I see . Mr. Spock , letting yourself be hit on the head , and I presume you let yourself be hit on the head , is not exactly a method King Solomon would have approved . - Mr. Scott , ready to beam up . - Aye , aye , sir .
