 A SHOCHIKU FILM THE X FROM OUTER SPACE Produced by WATARU NAKAJIMA Assistant Producer AKIHIKO SHIMADA Screenplay by EIBI MOTOMOCHI MORIYOSHI ISHIDA and KAZUI NIHONMATSU Cinematography by SHIZUO HIRASE and CHITORA OKOSHI Art Direction by SHIGEMORI SHIGETA Music by TAKU IZUMI Lighting by TADASHI TSUBUKI and TOSHIFUMI TAKAHASHI Edited by YOSHI SUGIHARA Sound by HIROSHI NAAKAMURA Look ! It 's our Earth ! See how it twinkles ! Look ! It 's our universe ! STARRING Look how it goes on forever ! TOSHIYA WAZAKI It 's everybody 's future ! ITOKO HARADA Come on , let 's embrace it ! SHINICHI YANAGIZAWA KEISUKI SONOI HIROSHI FUJIOKA EIJI OKADA PEGGY NEAL FRANZ GRUBER , MIKE DANEEN TOSHIYUKI WATANABE The universe is our world TORAHIKO HAMADA The future is our tomorrow It all belongs to us ! Directed by KAZUI NIHONMATSU Special Effects by HIROSHI IKEDA Directed by KAZUI NIHONMATSU Special Effects by HIROSHI IKEDA Begin unloading ! Careful . Signature , please . Easy there ! ENRICHED NUCLEAR FUEL FUJI ASTRONAUTICAL FLIGHT CENTER Don 't jostle it . Dr. Kato everything 's proceeding smoothly ! Glad to hear it . That concludes point nine . Our calculations show we 'll land on Mars on schedule . . Telemetry information confirms that conclusion . Captain Sane . Our ultimate objective is to land on Mars . All previous Mars missions have failed for unknown reasons . The cause may have been UFOs - unidentified flying objects - that they encountered . If that is so , where are they from ? Mars ? Venus ? I 'll put it simply : Your job is to determine what 's stopping us from reaching Mars . Sadly , many of our best people died on those missions . They 'll be drifting through space forever . Our finest scientific minds have designed a nuclear-powered spaceship . But even this ship , the AAB-Gamma , may be no shield from dangers and difficulties . Please be careful and exercise good judgment . Yes , sir . Lisa ! As space biologist your duty is to collect any unknown substances but only with Captain Sano 's express permission . Dr. Shioda you are to send daily reports on the crew 's blood tests . Signal Officer Miyamoto - Yes sir ? As a precaution , transmit your call sign within two minutes after the capsule leaves the booster . The enriched XTU249 nuclear fuel brought by Dr. Behrman has been successfully loaded onto your ship , which we have nicknamed the Astro-Boat . Our Geiger counters register no radiation on board , so have no fear as you carry out your mission . Dr Behrman , anything to add ? Astro-Boat crew , the launch pad is ready . One final word : We have the utmost faith in our new rocket , but no matter what happens , human lives come first . As scientists , this is our cardinal rule . I pray for your success . - Be careful - Thank you ! Astro-Boat crew board your vessel . Lisa , your pulse meter shows your heart is racing . I can almost hear it pounding . Don 't worry . Yours is pounding even louder . Miyamoto ! Worry about yourself not the others . Goodness ! Why ? On our last mission a certain someone talked up a storm without first remembering to turn the mic on . Did you have to bring that up in front of the lady ? Some people ! - Initiate final check . - All hands , commence final check . - Nuclear fuel gauge . - Check . Oxygen pressure gauge . Check . Attitude stabilizer . Check . Escape velocity gauge . Check . Prepare for launch ! All crew in position ! T minus 10 seconds . Five , four , three , two , one . Blast off ! Five seconds to capsule separation . Release ! Cabin oxygen pressure normal . Hey ! Lisa ! Sorry about that ! You may now move about the cabin . There 's no better view of the Earth . It 's beautiful . That big green marble is our home ! Behrman , care for a smoke ? No , thanks . I 'll just have some coffee . Previous missions couldn 't have failed due to equipment malfunction alone . Indeed ! The cause must have been the UFOs . First of all , radio signals died out immediately after the objects appeared , suggesting a magnetic storm of some kind that would disable the ships guidance systems . Secondly , the instrument malfunctions were consistent with exposure to cosmic rays Are you saying the UFO unleashed magnetic storms and radioactive dust ? That 's right . Given. current scientific knowledge , that 's the best explanation available If the object appeared on a periodic basis , we could assume it was orbiting our solar system but it appears irregularly . And only when . our spaceships approach We must assume something is controlling it Yes but is it being controlled from Mars , or is it perhaps a decoy satellite being controlled from somewhere on Earth ? Sano , I 've detected increased radioactivity The cosmic ray belt is especially wide this time Doctor , how are radioactivity levels on board ? I don 't think we need to worry . AAB Gamma come in please Whats that ? It 's a UFO ; an unidentified flying object A flying saucer , huh ? So that 's what 's jamming our transmissions Looks like a half-cooked omelet ! It seems to be observing us ! It 's matching our speed ! Doctor Dr Shiodal Doctor ! What 's the matter ? Miyamoto , still no luck with mission control ? Hear for yourself . I can 't make out a word . All right ! speed up ! Everyone buckle up ! Lisa we 're moving in closer . Sano we should treat Dr Shioda first I 'm the one who decides around here I 'm pleading with you The doctor is ill Human life comes first He knows that ! Lisa , the doctor is a veteran astronaut Doctor ... Lisa , I 'm a physician ! I know my own body better than anyone . Lisa , back in your seat AAB-Gamma this is FAFC . Come in over . FAFC , this is AAB-Gamma Come in , over The flying saucer has disappeared from our radar ! Do not pursue . See to Dr. Shioda . Make an emergency landing on our moon base . When you pick up the lunar beacon , Switch to Guided Approach Mode . - Roger . This is Moon Base MSG . Come in , AFB-Gamma This is Miyamoto of AAB-Gamma . Go ahead . Guided Approach Beacon is on . You are cleared to land . Lock on to the beacon signal . Bearing is moon sector N53 . Roger . Captain , Lisa Look , its Michiko Hello there , Michiko . How are you ? Please advise when you lock on to the guidance control signal . This is Moon base MSC . - You 're on our radar , over - Roger . Michiko , by the way ... She seemed pretty ticked off Sano , did something happen between you two ? AAB-Gamma is coming in too fast even for an emergency landing . They should slow down or they 'll overshoot the target . Be a dear and tell them for me . But that 's your ... Fine ! I 'll call Earth They can tell them Doctor , here you go Wait your turn Here you go . Thanks . Here . Thanks ! Prepare for landing Close the oxygen valve Depressurize the cabin . Cabin pressure is zero , equalized with the exterior Fasten your seat-belts ! That was a close call ! - Long time no see - Thanks for coming You haven 't changed - This is Michiko - How do you do ? Delighted to meet you Well , then , let 's go ! The moon 's a nice place . Yes , much more charming than I imagined - Blood pressure ? - Normal My blood pressure and heart rate were abnormally high . And I was dying of thirst . It 's space sickness . Your body couldn 't adjust to the changes in pressure . You 'll be fine with a little rest in this controlled environment . But we 're leaving for Mars soon . That 's not my decision to make Wow , that 's big ! So now your raising apples on the moon ? Yes There 's no atmosphere to block the sunlight so they grow huge ! But they 're bland . compared to Earth apples Beggars can 't be choosers ! Michiko , I have something for you ! Earrings from Germany They 're gorgeous ! Thank you . I checked everyone 's belongings You snuck those past me ! - I 'm sorry . But I thought Michiko would like them ! Its okay , isn 't it ? Isn 't it ? At least here we get a chance to bathe . I didn 't know there was so much water on the moon . There 's no water on the moon Its artificial - Same thing ! - No , its not Its synthesized from the oxygen and hydrogen in moon rocks Its not natural ! Its synthetic Therefore it 's completely pure Not polluted , like some people That 's a cheap shot You jerk ! That 's hot ! How was your trip ? It was such fun . Mr Sano was so nice ! He was ? Then there 's nothing to worry about on the trip to Mars . That s right I 'd follow Sano anywhere , no matter how long or hard the journey This is groovy ! I can 't believe we 're on the moon But this is no place to settle down Man 's place is on Earth ! You complain wherever you are , don 't you Dr. Stein ? Of course . If humanity grows complacent , It 's finished Please sit down What will it be ? Cognac ! - Me too - All right Earth needs to send a replacement for Dr. Shioda That 's for FAFC to decide . Orders from FAFC : Dr. Shioda will be replaced by Dr. Stein . It 's not my job to go all the way to Mars But you 're the one who declared me physically unfit for space travel . - That has nothing to do with this . - Dr. Stein . Our job is to follow FAFCs orders . May I have this dance ? Lisa , good night How about dancing with me ? Okay ! I don 't care if its an order ! Mars ? Are they kidding ? I should be back on Earth with my wife Come on , cheer up - Take care of yourself - I should say the same - Look after him - Bye . Our data suggest there are many aliens and asteroids between here and Mars , so be careful Understood - Take care of yourselves ! - Thanks Bye , Michiko . - Good-bye Hey , Miyamoto ! Leaving already ? See you guys later ! Keep your spirits up ! Finally ! - Here - Thanks Again ? The same space rations every day . Dr Stein , you can 't be picky on a spaceship You could at least vary the menu a bit I 'm a scientist. not a cook Excuse me ! If Dr. Shioda hadn 't suddenly fallen ill , I 'd be on Earth now , eating tasty food with my beloved wife Am I right ? Why did this have to happen to me ? What did I do to deserve this ? Muzzle it ! - At least let me talk . - Quiet ! You hear that ? Asteroids ! Small asteroids are hitting the ship . Keep calm ! Full speed ahead in the same direction as the asteroids . Tell mission control we 're changing course . Helmets on ! - Lisa , close your helmet ! - I can 't ! Lisa , are you okay ? Stein , close the oxygen valve ! Miyamoto , I can 't do it . Help ! - Doctor ! - Miyamoto ! Somethings definitely wrong . Sir , a call from the moon base . We 've lost contact with AAB-Gamma . What about you ? Still no reply . Radar shows them far off course . There 's also heavy radio interference . Keep tracking them . Advise if you make contact . Roger . They 'll soon enter the region where past missions met their untimely ends . I hope nothing happens . If it does , we can only assume some unknown power is blocking our entry into Martian airspace . Repairs are complete . Miyamoto , main lights on . Sano It 's back ! Quick , lets getaway ! All right . I 'm speeding up ! We 're being pulled in . Why 'd you cut the engine ? They 'll pull us in even faster . It 's a waste of fuel . We won 't have enough to get back . Don 't stop the engine . We have to get away ! It 's hopeless . Their tractor beam is too strong . Better to watch and wait than waste our fuel . That 's suicide ! That 's how previous ships were destroyed ! I 'm gonna throttle it ! - Stein , don 't ! Stein , don 't ! Stein , stop it ! - I 'm getting us out of here ! - Stop it ! Something 's definitely wrong . Please send a rescue rocket . I 'll go . But what if we send a rescue rocket and it winds up like the Astro-Boat ? I won 't let any more lives be sacrificed . Sacrificed ? Captain Sano , sacrificed ? Doctor Stein , please read the nuclear fuel gauge . Yes , sir . Lisa , check the main thrusters . - Yes , sir . Sano , energy output has dropped more than half . How can that be ? Miyamoto , still no luck with the radio ? - Give me a bit longer . Sano , come here ! What 's that ? Sano , please don 't ! It 's dangerous out there . Sano , she 's right . Wait until we know what 's going on . - I 'm going too . - You fix the radio and contact base . - I 'm going with you . - No . I 'm going . Lisa , are you sure ? I can at least try . FAFC , this is AAB-Gamma . Come in ! - Good work . - What was it ? FAFC , this is AAB-Gamma . AAB-Gamma , come in please . The flying saucer emitted clouds of vapor in our direction and then flew towards Mars . The reactor is only at half power . For some reason we can 't accelerate even at full thrust . We 're in possession of a mysterious luminous object . Our navigational instruments are disabled . We cannot determine our present position . How 's the crew ? Lisa , Miyamoto , Stein , and Sano are all unharmed . The UFO 's powerful magnetic field and radiation seem responsible for your ship 's condition . Remain as you are and wait for the rescue rocket . Keep the luminous object in a sealed vacuum container . Roger . Moon Base MSC , come in . This is Moon Base MSC . It 's Michiko ! Launch a rescue rocket with replacement XTU fuel immediately . Follow our designated flight path . Roger . Now I 'll finally see my wife . - And I 'll get to eat Earth food . - Let 's wait for that rocket . Doctor ... that luminous object they found , what could it be ? Any ideas ? None whatsoever . I 've never seen accounts of such a thing . Surely it came from the UFO . That is very possible . Michiko ! Lisa ! Thank goodness ! Thanks for coming . Now let 's replace that fuel . Since it was collected in a vacuum , it must be observed in one . That 's probably best . After all , we know nothing about it . But our observations wont be complete unless we expose it to our atmosphere . Hey , research is fun and all , but you gotta rest sometime . He 's right . Let 's call it a day . Let 's have a party at my house to celebrate your safe return . Good idea . I expected a cold reception after we failed to land on Mars . Not at all . This object in itself is a gift to science . Let 's go . You were in a lot of danger . I 'm glad I fell ill . Dr. Shioda , I 'll follow your example and come down with space sickness too ! Dr. Kato ! The Center 's research laboratory is calling . Kato speaking . What ? The lab was ransacked ? And the alien object ? The container and the table were wrecked , and there 's a hole in the floor . I 'll be right there . Doctor , what happened ? I 'm going too . It burned it 's way through . It takes a lot of heat to burn through such material . Laser rays . Quite possibly . At least we still have the rock 's insulating material . Who knows when we 'd find another such specimen . That 's right . Give me the tongs . Put it in here . Sir . That 's a strange indentation . Looks just like a chicken 's claw print . That means the luminous rock burned through the iron table , then through the floor , and entered the earth . An extraterrestrial may have been hiding inside . Assuming that 's the case , where did it go after going into that hole ? Voltage is plummeting . Any problems with the generators ? None at all ? That 's odd . That just can 't be . How about a nightcap ? Sounds good . What do you all say ? - What 's going on ? - That 's strange . What 's up ? I 'm sorry . We 've been having blackouts the past few days . We 'll check on it right away . What 's wrong ? Captain Sano , what 's that ? See ? Beyond that hill . Let 's get out of here ! Look ! What 's that ? It 's just like the claw print in the lab . You 're right . Let 's get back . Come on ! On the right is the print left in our laboratory . On the left is the print left by the monster on Hakone . Our analysis suggests these two are one and the same . The monster is now on a rampage , headed for Tokyo . It must not enter Tokyo ! We doubt whether our present arsenal can actually stop this monster . Dr. Kato , isn 't there a scientific solution ? Not at the moment , unfortunately . This is the material cast off by the alien . And this is the substance that clung to our rocket engine . Our analysis clearly shows the two are identical in chemical composition . This substance may therefore contain the secret to combating this " Guilala . " " Guilala " is what we have decided to name the monster . Space monster Guilala . 200 FEET TALL AND WEIGHING 15,000 TONS CAN THE COSMIC SUBSTANCE SUBDUE GUILALA ? WORLD ANXIOUSLY AWAITS ANALYSIS OF SPORES . Lisa , how does it look ? Discover anything yet ? The function of the substance is still a mystery . It seems to have been formed within a supernova . The vacuum of space made it condense rapidly and take on a complex organic molecular structure , forming Guilala and his luminous shell . If the substance can reflect and contain enormous amounts of energy , then Guilala 's shell must be able to do the same . If we want to synthesize the substance , we have to do it in a complete vacuum - the surface of the moon , for example . I see . Lisa , you must go to the moon . We have to hurry . Guilala 's wreaking havoc across Japan . This substance just may stop him . Captain . If you 're going , so am I. Me too . Alert ! Defense personnel assemble immediately . - How 's it look up there ? - Ginza and Shinjuku were wiped out . Report from Sector One . Good . What 's the latest ? - Tatebayashi 's been destroyed . - And the monster 's condition ? Guilala 's dorsal fin is glowing less brightly . He must be losing energy . - He 's used most of it up . - Looks that way . This is our chance to kill him . But if he 's hungry , he might become even more destructive . This is FAFC . Lisa , how are the experiments with the guilalanium ? We were able to synthesize it here on the moon . We 've also discovered ample guilalanium here in the lunar ore . What are it 's attributes ? It can reflect all types of cosmic rays , including intense heat energy . Roger . Bring us a large quantity , and fast . Roger . If we smother Guilala with guilalanium , he will cease absorbing energy and probably weaken . Would you agree ? Indeed Some suggest we use the bomb , but our allies have cold feet . America in particular doesn 't want to drop another A-bomb on Japan . I share that sentiment . FAFC , this is AAB-Gamma . Come in , please . We 're returning with the guilalanium on board . Still no contact ? The radio 's working , but something 's jamming the signal . It 's that darn flying saucer again ! No it 's not . This is odd . They 're out of the flying saucer 's range . It 's impossible to know when they 'll arrive . We must stop Guilala as soon as possible . Must be an electronic malfunction . Lisa , check the computer . Yes , sir . Sano ! I 've got it . This is the cause right here . Bring me that . Roger . Northwest Tochigi prefecture . Command Center here . Commander , phone call . Commanding officer speaking . So you don 't know when the guilalanium will arrive ? We 're unable to track AAB-Gamma 's current position . The monster 's growing more violent . He 's heading north to northern Kanto , near Lake Inawashiro . The damage continues to mount . We can only have faith in Captain Sano and pray they return quickly . What do we do now ? I don 't know . We may wind up orbiting the sun forever . Or the Earth may pull us into it 's orbit . Wouldn 't that help our chances ? It 'd take years for Earth to pull us in that close . Can 't we lessen the guilalanium 's reflectivity ? We 'd have to find some kind of shield and place it inside that . But how ? What about the nuclear reactor ? It has thick walls built to seal in radioactivity . Good idea . But a dangerous one . The guilalanium could cause the reactor to overheat : It could explode in an instant . Are you prepared to take that chance ? What if it 's the only way ? Let 's do it ! All right . After destroying lnawashiro Dam , Guilala is now heading for the Pacific coast . Commander , it 's from FAFC . What ? It destroyed the Atomic Research Center and power plant ? It absorbed all the atomic energy and is stronger than ever ? It 's turned into a ball of energy , bouncing from place to place . It bounced from Matsudo to Tokyo and is now headed west . What ? Guilala 's headed this way ? Isn 't the Astro-Boat back yet ? We could really use that guilalanium right now . I 'm sure Sano and his crew are doing their best . Guilala 's surely looking for more energy . Then there 's a good chance he 's coming this way . You 're right . We just completed the storage unit for your XTU nuclear fuel . Sir , we 've made contact with AAB-Gamma . AAB-Gamma , we 're defenseless against Guilala . We eagerly await your return . Please deliver the Guilalanium as soon as possible . Roger . We 're heading directly ... AAB-Gamma , come in . This is FAFC . It 's back ! Damn it ! Persistent creeps ! What a nuisance ! They 're never satisfied . We have to deliver this guilalanium fast . Full power ahead . Everyone buckle up . Hurry ! Damn it ! It 's coming back ! Dr. Kato , Guilala is approaching FAFC . You 're in danger . We can 't wait for the Astro-Boat . Prepare to evacuate . Very well . But I can 't leave until the Astro-Boat returns . I understand . But Guilala will surely destroy FAFC before then . Attention : All personnel except Astro-Boat landing crew , evacuate immediately . Guilala is coming this way . Dr. Kato , it 's from the Astro-Boat . This is AAB-Gamma . Come in FAFC . This is FAFC , over . We 've evaded the UFO and are now commencing re entry . The Astro-Boat 's returned ? Yes , all planes are ready to scramble . Get the guilalanium here pronto ! Let 's evacuate . Guilala is coming for the XTU . But if he consumes it , he can do even more damage . Let 's get it out of here . - Can you do it ? - We can try . All right . Hurry up ! Captain Sano ! What is it ? - It 's Lisa ! - What happened ? The lab exploded . she 's stuck under debris . What ? What was she doing there ? She went back for some research data . Let 's go ! Take this . Help me ! What happened ? My leg 's ! I can 't pull my legs out ! - Use that beam ! - Where ? She 's pinned ! Are you alright ? Other side . Add another beam ! Add another beam ! Find another one ! Damn it ! It 's coming this way ! He 's always drawn to energy . Dr. Behrman , let 's use the fuel as bait to lure Guilala away from the lab . That 's a risky gambit . Miyamoto , let 's go ! Left . Stop . Man , it 's really gotten huge ! Hurry ! Go ! Miyamoto , you okay ? Floor it ! Faster ! Faster ! Okay , we can get out . We have to hurry . Careful . Are you alright ? Everyone in ? Captain Sano and Signal Officer Miyamoto risked their lives to lead Guilala away from FAFC . But the monster has absorbed the enriched nuclear fuel and is returning to FAFC in search of more energy . Our last hope for stopping Guilala rests in your courage and unexcelled airman-ship . You must quickly spray the monster with guilalanium , thus blocking it 's ability to absorb energy . Eighth Fighter Squadron , loaded with guilalanium ! Very good . Launch your attack ! Yes , sir . Present arms ! Ground Chief . Load the remaining squadrons with guilalanium . Yes , sir . - Are you okay ? - Damn ! I think I sprained my ankle . We 're coming ! It 's too dangerous for you here ! Try to hold on . See what you can do for him . Are you alright ? Give me a handkerchief . Hasn 't the air force launched yet ? Not yet . There they are ! No effect yet . Be patient , Doctor . Sir ! Are you alright ? I 'm fine . In the car , quick . Look ! Look ! Guilala 's dying . He 's shrinking . Lisa , please step away . - May I have the container ? - Give it here . Guilala can 't be destroyed here on Earth . If he manages to slough off the guilalanium , he could reemerge as strong as before . We have to get rid of him somehow . Let 's send him back into space . Back where he came from . Three ... two ... one ... blast off ! Have you told Sano how you really feel ? Love takes courage . Yes . You 're right . Guilala taught me an important lesson . Thanks to him , I now realise ... that there 's somebody else who loves Sano with all her heart . You know ... I wonder where Guilala is going . Someplace many billions of light-years away . He 'll wander through space forever . Captain Sano ? Never mind . Beyond the moon and stars To the far ends of the sky With no final destination In this infinite world How small , how small Two people can be How small , how small Two people can be THE END
