 Captain 's log , stardate 5718.3 . The Enterprise is orbiting Elba ll , a planet with a poisonous atmosphere , where the Federation maintains an asylum for the few remaining incorrigible criminally insane of the galaxy . We are bringing a revolutionary new medicine to them . A medicine with which the Federation hopes to eliminate mental illness . I am transporting down with Mr Spock and we 're delivering the medicine to Dr Donald Cory , governor of the colony . Donald , good to see you . Gentlemen , you don 't know what a treat this is . It 's been too long since I 've had company . The force field 's back in place . That means you are trapped here . - No excuses for your not dining with me . - We 'd be delighted . You indicated one additional inmate since our last visit , making a total of 15. is that correct ? It is . The rehabilitation program isn 't progressing too well . I have my doubts about the effectiveness of this medicine . - Are you becoming a pessimist ? - l 'm afraid I have . A total of 15 incurably insane out of billions is not an excessive figure . - Who is the new inmate ? - Garth . Garth of Izar , a former starship fleet captain . When I was a cadet at the Academy , his exploits were required reading . He was one of my heroes . I 'd like to see him . Of course . Captain , you 're making a mistake . - Captain Kirk is pressed for time . - There 's nothing the matter with me . Can 't you see by looking at me ? Can 't you tell by listening ? - She sounds rational enough , Captain . - l am rational . Well , what is it you want to tell me ? I can 't tell you in front of him . You 're afraid to talk in front of Governor Cory ? He isn 't really Governor Cory at all . That 's just it . She 's been saying that for days . Our medical staff can 't figure out why . Here 's Garth . He 's been unusually disturbed . We 've had to impose additional restraint . - Cory ? - Yes , Jim. I 'm Cory . It 's true . He tricked you . You said you wanted to see me , Captain . Well , here I am . Space - the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Its five-year mission , to explore strange new worlds , to seek out new life and new civilisation , to boldly go where no man has gone before . Your Vulcan friend is still alive , Captain . My phaser was set to stun , not to kill . He 'll be quite comfortable . Almost as comfortable as you and our esteemed governor . - Garth , does he have to suffer ? - Address me by my proper title . Sorry. I should have said Captain Garth . I am Lord Garth , formerly of Izar . And I lead the future masters of the universe . I 'm sorry , Lord Garth . You Earth people are a stiff-necked lot . Release him . I 'm afraid that subjugating you won 't be enough . You must be confined . And all the people of the galaxy who will not bow to my will must be confined or destroyed . Captain Garth , listen to me . Oh ! Our beloved governor has decided to address us and we have not given him permission to speak . Are you so afraid of him that you must keep him pinned ? I 'm afraid of no one . You 're all powerless against me . Thank you . Now , what have you done with the medicine ? The medicine ? You mean the poison . I destroyed it . - lt was your only hope . - Silence ! The chatter of inferior weaklings wearies me and it 's time I took command of the Enterprise . - You 'll help me , of course . - Of course . My crew mutinied . The first use I will make of the Enterprise is to hunt them down and punish them for that . The crew of the Enterprise will also mutiny . But they won 't . You see , Captain , there 's a helpful technique I 've mastered . Goodbye , darling. I 'll miss you . Governor Cory , how do you feel ? All right . There is no help for any of us , if that madman is in command of the Enterprise . He boasts that he 's created the most powerful explosive in the universe and I believe him . How does he change form at will ? The people of Antos taught him the technique of cellular metamorphosis to restore the destroyed parts of his body . By himself , he later learned to use the technique to recreate himself into any form he wished . The first time we knew about it was when a guard , seeing what he thought was me in Garth 's cell , released him . He was such a genius . What a waste . Force field 's on . Good . Remain here out of sight until I give you the order . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Scott here . - Beam me aboard . - Aye , sir . Queen to queen 's level 3 . - l said beam me aboard . - l said queen to queen 's level 3 . We have no time for chess problems . Beam me aboard . I 'm following your orders . Queen to queen 's level 3 . Just testing . Be in touch with you later . No ! No ! No ! I gave him the sign . Why didn 't he give me the countersign ? - Something 's wrong . - The chess problem was his suggestion . He couldn 't have forgotten it . Lieutenant , re-establish communication . There 's no response , Mr Scott . Send an armed detail to the transporter room . Aye-aye , sir . Mr Sulu , what do your sensors show ? We can 't beam anybody down . A force field is in operation and all forms of transport into the asylum are blocked off . We could blast our way through it , but at the risk of destroying the captain and any other living thing . How can we be powerful enough to wipe out a planet and still be so helpless ? We are going to take the Enterprise . Do you hear me ? We are going to take her if I have to shatter every bone in Captain Kirk 's body . Captain ? Captain Kirk ? I hope it hasn 't been uncomfortable . I thank you for your concern . It 's been restful . Good . Still , I 'm afraid I 've been quite remiss in my duties as your host . - But I did invite you to dinner . - l 'd forgotten . But I haven 't . You and Mr Spock are to be my guests . - Where is Mr Spock ? - Right here . Marta ! Why can 't I blow off just one of his ears ? Stop that . Mr Spock will think we 're lacking in hospitality . Won 't you join us , Captain ? - How are you , Mr Spock ? - Very well indeed , Captain . - lsn 't Governor Cory joining us ? - He isn 't on the guest list . - An oversight ? - An intentional one . He is fasting . - ln that case , we decline with thanks . - Captain . Don 't be a fool , Jim . Go along with him . Good advice , Governor . Well , Captain ? You 'll find we set a handsome table and the entertainment is most enjoyable . - You 're very persuasive . - Yes , I am. I certainly am . Yee-ha ! Keep your hands off Kirk ! You treacherous thing ! - You 're jealous . - l am above that sort of thing . The captain is annoyed by your attentions , that 's all . Am I annoying you , dearest ? Not really . He finds me fascinating and you are bothered by it . Admit it . I may have you beaten to death . No , you won 't , because I am the most beautiful woman on this planet . You 're the only woman , you stupid cow . I 'm the most beautiful in the galaxy . - You 're repulsive ! - l 'm beautiful ! And I 'm intelligent , too. I write poetry and I paint marvellous pictures . - And I am a wonderful dancer . - Lies , all lies ! You 're the greatest liar I have ever met . Let me hear one poem you 've written . If you like . If you create a diversion , I 'll find the control room and open the force field . We need seconds . Scotty has alerted a security detail . Gentlemen , courtesy for the performer . " Shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ? " Thou art more lovely and more temperate . " Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May and summer 's lease hath ... " - You wrote that ? - Yesterday , as a matter of fact . It was written by an Earthman named Shakespeare a long time ago . Which does not alter the fact that I wrote it again yesterday . I think it 's one of my best poems . Don 't you ? I may kill you with my bare hands ! Actually , Captain , she is a superb dancer . Marta , won 't you dance for our guests ? That was not a request . - Marvellous , isn 't she , Captain ? - Yes , incredible . - What is your reaction , Mr Spock ? - l find it mildly interesting and nostalgic . - lf l understand the use of that word . - Nostalgic ? Yes. lt is reminiscent of the dances that Vulcan children do in nursery school . Of course , the children are not so ... well-coordinated . She 's yours if you wish . Oh , er ... Thank you . That 's um ... very magnanimous of you . You 'll find that I am magnanimous to my friends and merciless to my enemies and I want both of you to be my friends . On what precisely is our friendship to be based ? Upon the firmest of foundations , Mr Spock . Enlightened self interest . You are second only to me as the finest military commander in the galaxy . Very flattering. I am primarily an explorer now , Captain Garth . So am l. l have charted more new worlds than any man in history . And tried to destroy Antos iv . Why ? I could say because they were hostile to the Federation . You could say , but that would be untrue . Agreed . They were harmless and they made me whole when I was maimed and dying . And in my gratitude , I offered them a galaxy . They rejected me . I condemned them to death . How could you , a starship fleet captain , believe that a Federation crew would blindly obey your order to destroy the Antos race , a people famous for benevolence and peaceful pursuits ? That was my only miscalculation . I had changed. I had risen above this decadent weakness , which still has you in its command , by the way , Captain . My crew had not . I couldn 't sway them , but my new crew , the men in this room , will obey my orders without question . Gentlemen , you have eyes , but you cannot see . Galaxies surrounds us , limitless vistas . And yet the Federation will have us grub away like some ants on some somewhat larger than usual anthill . But I am not an insect . I am master of the universe and I must claim my domain . I agree that war was once necessary and you were our greatest warrior . I studied your victory at Axanar. lt 's still required reading at the Academy . - As well it should be . - Very well . But my first visit to Axanar was as a cadet on a peace mission . Peace mission ! Politicians and weaklings ! They were humanitarians and statesmen and they had a dream that spread throughout the stars . A dream that made Mr Spock and me brothers . Mr Spock , do you consider Captain Kirk and yourself brothers ? Captain Kirk speaks somewhat figuratively and with undue emotion . However , what he says is logical and I do , in fact , agree with it . Blind ! Truly blind ! Captain Kirk is your commanding officer and you are his subordinate . That is all . Yet , Mr Spock , you are a worthy commander in your own right and in my fleet , you will surely have a starship to command . Please forgive me , but exactly where is your fleet ? Out there , waiting for me . They will flock to my cause and for good reason . Limitless power , limitless wealth and solar systems ruled by the elite . We are that elite and we must take what is rightfully ours from the decadent weaklings that now hold it . - Captain Garth ... - Lord Garth ! As you wish . At any rate , you must be aware of the fact that you are attempting to recreate the disaster which resulted in your becoming an inmate in this place . I was betrayed and treated badly . You were treated with justice and compassion , which you failed to show towards your intended victims . - Logically , one must assume ... - Remove this animal ! Try this wine , Captain. lt has a robust flavour , which you 'll find diverting . - No , thanks. I prefer to join Mr Spock . - l prefer that you remain here . Marta , my dear . We found your little divertissement enchanting . But there 's more to come . The entertainment has merely begun . I assume you play chess . - Occasionally . - So do I . Respond to queen to queen 's level 3 . I 'm sure you are aware there are infinite countermoves . - l 'm interested in only one . - For the life of me , which one ? " For the life of me " is well chosen . It could come to that . Dead , I am of no use to you . But I could make you long for death , beg for death . " ln the midnight of November , when the dead man 's fair is nigh , " And the danger in the valley and the anger in the sky . " - l wrote it this morning . Do you like it ? - Yes , I think it 's very good . Tell him what he wants to know and we 'll go away together . I can 't . But you must. I beg of you . Don 't beg , Marta. lt 's degrading . Queen to queen 's level 3 , Captain ? You 'll talk freely and quite soon . What you see before you , Captain , is my latest invention . Ordinary in appearance , almost primitive , wouldn 't you say ? Yes , I recognise it. lt 's used for rehabilitation purposes . It helped many men back to health . Appearances can be deceiving . Once it was a part of the rehabilitation process and as such quite painless and , I might add , useless , too . It made men docile and of no use to me . I 've added certain refinements to the use of ultrasonic waves . The chair is no longer painless . Put the governor in it . Queen to queen 's level 3 , Captain Kirk ? It is , in fact , exquisitely painful , as you will now see . Interesting . The pain is real and can be prolonged indefinitely , because there is no destruction of tissue . Stop it ! Of course , Captain , you have but to ask . As you can see , he has not been harmed physically . Yet the memory of the exquisite torment remains . Queen to queen 's level 3 , Captain ? - No . - Too bad . Remove our distinguished governor . Put Captain Kirk in the chair . - No , you mustn 't do that . - You are becoming offensive to me . Don 't make it necessary for me to put you in it . Queen to queen 's level 3 , Captain Kirk ? Please , stop it ! You want him , don 't you ? Yes . Badly enough to join him ? Listen to me , my Lord Garth. I can get him to tell me what you want to know . It might be interesting to have you try . - No breakthrough ? - No . Still no response from the planet . Sensor readings ? The force field is weakest on the far side of the planet . We can send down a shuttlecraft carrying a team in environmental suits . They 'd have to cover thousands of miles through a poisonous atmosphere . You 're right . Even if they made it , they couldn 't carry anything to break through the dome . Only the ship herself could do that . Probably kill Jim and Spock . Doctor , they may already be dead . Slowly , darling . Slowly . Rest . is this more of Garth 's persuasion , Marta ? I told him I 'd discover your secret . I lied. I would have told him anything to save you from that torment . - l believe you mean that . - l do . This is where l 've longed to be . I think I knew I loved you from the moment I first saw you . Marta . Marta , I can help you . But I must get to the Enterprise to do that . - That 's not possible . - Yes , it is . It is if I can get to the control room and remove the force field , then Garth is finished . - Garth is my leader . - He will lead you to destruction . He 's ... already destroyed the medicine that could have helped you , but there 's more medicine aboard the ship . I 'll help you , but you must wait . Do you see that ? Soon Spock will be here ... - Spock ? - At least I 've arranged that much . How did you manage that ? A convincing lie told to a guard who finds me ... desirable . Darling ... No , you mustn 't stop me ! He 's my lover and I have to kill him . She 's worked out an infallible method for ensuring permanent male fidelity . Interesting . - l 'm glad to see you . - Thank you . I presume we should reach the control room . Yes , you presume correctly . - Force field is off . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Kirk to Enterprise . - Mr Scott , it 's the captain . Scott here , Captain . You had us worried . I want an armed security detail beamed down here on the double . They 're in the transporter room . And have Dr McCoy prepare additional medicine as quickly as possible . I suggest you return to the ship . Your safety is vital to the Enterprise . Waiting for your order . I request permission to remain in charge of the security team . - Very well . - Still waiting , Captain . The captain 's life is in immediate danger . Beam him aboard . The security team will be entrusted to me . Queen to queen 's level 3 . Repeat . - He 's waiting for the proper reply . - Give the countersign as ordered . Scotty , Mr Spock will give the countersign . Give him the countersign , Captain . Security detail , stand by to beam down . Blast away , Captain , if you can . You think I 'm fool enough to give you a charged phaser ? What have you done with Spock ? I have done nothing with him as yet , but I do have plans for him . The Vulcan will die rather horribly and his death will be on your conscience . - Captain Garth ... - Lord Garth ! No , sir , Captain Garth , starship fleet captain . That 's an honourable title . And I was the greatest of them all , wasn 't I ? Yes , you were . - But you 're a sick man now . - l have never been more healthy . No . Think . Think back to what you were , before the accident that sent you to Antos iv . Try . I can 't remember. lt 's almost as if I had died and was reborn . No. I ... I can remember . You ... were the finest student at the Academy . The finest starship captain . You were the prototype . The model for the rest of us . Yes , I do remember that . It was a great responsibility , but one I was proud to bear . You bore it well . And the disease that changed you , it 's not your fault . The terrible things you did since then , you 're not truly responsible . I don 't want to hear any more . You 're weak . - You 're trying to drain my strength . - No . I want you to find what you had and go back to greatness , Captain Garth . I am Lord Garth ! Master of the universe . You doubt me because I have not had my coronation . - No , sir , listen to me . - Stop ! - On your knees . - No . On your knees before me ! All the others before me have failed . Alexander , Caesar , Napoleon , Hitler , Lee Kuan , Krotus ! All of them are dust ! But I will triumph . I will make the ultimate conquest ! The throne must be higher. lt must be higher than anything else in this room . And use that table as a pedestal . Welcome back , Captain Kirk. I 'm glad you could make it for the coronation . - Coronation ? - Yes . I know a real throne is no more than merely a chair , but symbolism is important , don 't you agree ? Yes , I agree . You 'll wear a crown , too , I presume . Just a token , but it serves as a standard around which our followers will rally . Garth , you have only a handful of men . You do refuse to enter into the spirit of the thing , don 't you , Captain ? Perhaps you want a larger role in the ceremony . You could serve as a human sacrifice . I wouldn 't enjoy that at all . Besides , you seem to need me alive . True . All right , how about crown prince ? That would make you our heir apparent . I believe it 's the proper role for you . Besides we have other candidates for our human sacrifice . Who knows ? Really ... Since there is no one mighty enough to perform this ceremony , we 'll perform it ourselves . Therefore , we hereby proclaim that I am Lord Garth , master of the universe . And we designate our beloved Marta to be our consort . We further designate Captain Kirk of the Enterprise to be our heir apparent . Now remove our heir apparent that we may conclude this ceremony . Listen to me . This may be our last chance . Garth will destroy all of us unless you help me stop him and he 's using you because he wants the power for himself . I brought something to cure you , but he destroyed it . I can get a patrol down . They 'd bring more medicine . Well done . Well , Captain , you continue to resist . How stupid of you . Put him in that chair right here . I 've arranged a small entertainment . I wouldn 't want him to miss any of it . Captain , even you must admit that I 'm a genius . What you see here is my latest invention . This is an explosive . The most powerful one in history . If I were to drop this flask , the resulting explosion would vaporise this planet . Now , do you see why it is ridiculous for you to resist me , Captain ? Well , perhaps you require the demonstration I 've arranged . Watch closely. lt is true that she is deadly as a poisonous serpent , but she is also a beautiful woman and you have held her in your arms , Captain . I ordered my men to drive her out of the protective dome and , of course , she would choke to death on the outside in minutes . But I 've arranged a more merciful end for her , because , after all , Captain , she is my consort . One tiny crystal implanted in her necklace . A portion of this explosive no bigger than a grain of sand . I propose to detonate it from here . Poor girl . Poor dear suffering child . I will help her now . There 's been an explosion on Elba ll . - 0.95 . - lt must have wiped out everything . Immediate probe . is the force field in place ? - Yes , sir , solidly . - Life continues to exist on the planet . Got to break through somehow . I told you we couldn 't do it without killing everyone in the asylum dome . I know it , Scotty . Well , there 's one last thing we might try . Perhaps the ship 's phasers can cut through the force field at a weak point . - Where did you say it was located ? - On the far side . - Will it leave a margin of safety ? - Yes . Prepare to change orbital path , Mr Sulu . - Orbital coordinates released . - Break synchronous orbit . Come to course 14 , mark 68 . Course 14 , mark 68 . Synchronous orbit re-established , sir . - Ship 's phasers to narrow beam . - Ship 's phasers ready , sir . Let 's punch a hole in it . Full power . Another blast , full power . Force field still holding , sir . Here . How are your nerves , Kirk ? All I can say is if it happens to me , it happens to you . You 're an extraordinary fellow , Kirk . Your stubbornness defies all logic . Logic , there 's the key . Your friend Spock is a logical man . A very logical man . Go and bring the Vulcan here to me . Spock is not only a more logical man than you , Captain , but a more intelligent one , I 'm sure . I shall establish a rapport with him . Fascinating . Your Vulcan friend is a very ingenious fellow . This could be most amusing . - That 's Garth , stun him . - Hold it , Spock . That 's Garth . Look at me carefully , Spock . Can 't you tell I 'm your captain ? Queen to queen 's level 3 . I won 't answer . That 's what he wants to know . Very clever , Garth . That 's exactly what I was going to say . - What are you doing ? - Beaming down a security team . - Any objections ? - Yes , they may walk into a trap . That 's right . Garth can destroy us . Fascinating . What manoeuvre did we use to defeat the Romulan vessel near Tau Ceti ? Very good . The Cochrane deceleration . Spock , the Cochrane deceleration 's a classic battle manoeuvre . - Every starship captain knows that . - Agreed , Captain . Captains . Gentlemen . Whichever one of you is Captain Garth must be expending a lot of energy to maintain the image of Captain Kirk . That energy level cannot be maintained indefinitely and I have time . I 'm your captain , Spock . Can 't you tell ? Shoot ! He 's right , Spock , but you must shoot both of us . It 's the only way to ensure the safety of the Enterprise . - Captain Kirk , I presume . - Mr Spock . - Spock to Enterprise . - Enterprise here . - Queen to queen 's level 3 ? - Queen to king 's level 1 . Will intramuscular injection be satisfactory ? Intravenous indicated unless circumstances make it impossible . How long before it takes effect , Dr McCoy ? Reversal of arterial and brain damage should begin immediately . Captain Garth. I 'm James Kirk . I 'm Mr Spock , science officer on a starship . - The starship Enterprise . - Starship ... Starship ... Yes , sir . The Enterprise. I 'm the captain . - Can I help ? - No , Captain . The medicine seems to be taking effect . I can manage. it 's very encouraging . - Should I know you , sir ? - No , Captain . - Mr Spock . - Yes , Captain . Tell me . Why was it impossible to tell the difference between us ? It was not impossible . Our presence here is proof of that . Yes , and congratulations . What took you so long ? The interval of uncertainty was actually fairly brief . It only seemed long to you . I was waiting for a victor in the struggle , which I assumed would be Captain Garth . Because of your depleted condition . Failing a resolution to it , I was forced to use other means to make my determination . I see . Mr Spock , letting yourself be hit on the head , and I presume you let yourself be hit on the head , is not exactly a method King Solomon would have approved . - Mr Scott , ready to beam up . - Aye , aye , sir .
