 Señor West ? Did they not tell you ? Tell me what ? Captain Jackson . He 's in the patio . He wish to speak with you . Muchas gracias . Where 's Jackson ? In the warehouse . Captain Jackson . Captain Jackson ? Come on in , Jim . Flory . Coal . Why did Jackson want coal ? Oh , not just plain coal , James - coal as a disguise for dynamite . Plaster of Paris coating designed to resist heat up to 375 degrees Fahrenheit before it burns through to the fuse . I must say , Artemus , you did a beautiful job of disguise . Oh , thank you very much , James . Just don 't go lighting any matches around that unless you want the Secret Service to lose two of its best men . The whole thing takes one minute and 30 seconds to burn . Didn 't take Jackson much longer to lose his life in that explosion . Yeah . You said Jackson got word it was urgent to get this stuff . Mm-hmm . Couldn 't be he wanted it just to keep warm in a campfire . He was on to something he felt could spell big trouble for this country . Did he say what kind of trouble ? No , never got around to it . Now , how could works of art and lobster on ice be a threat to the United States ? Smuggling , you think ? Nah , too simple . Jackson was a man in a hurry . The last thing he said , " Flory " - what is it ? A thing ? A name ? A person ? I don 't know . Sounds like it might be French to me . Uh , here 's that other little thing you asked me to make for you . Wear it in good health . Thanks . ¿ Sí , señor ? The girl that was here the other night - where is she ? Girl ? She was behind the bar - an Oriental . You must be mistaken , mister . I 'm the only one in back of the bar . And besides , my wife , she says I do not look like a girl . Very funny , but there was a girl , and she was behind that bar . Oh , no , no , no girl . I look at you , señor , and you look right through me and you do not applaud . Don 't you like my dancing ? It isn 't that , señorita . But what ? I 'm , um ... I 'm looking for a girl . Any other time . What happened to your friend , friend ? What friend , señor ? The fellow that plays the guitar - strings around your neck . Flamenco ? More like garrote . Garrote ? No , señor , no garrote . You are a very busy person . First you are looking for a girl , and now you are looking for a man . Perhaps you are not sure just what you are looking for . Maybe you 'd like to try to convince me . If I am the girl ... and you are the man . What 's your name ? Gatita . " Little pussycat . " I promise I won 't scratch . When I find the other pussycat , maybe you and I can go out and chase a ball of yarn . Ooh . Americans - always hunting . You are like that Captain Jackson . He , too , always hunting . Sometimes too much hunting hunts trouble . What did you say ? Trouble ? No , Jackson . You said you knew a man named Jackson . Very friendly . Now he 's very dead . Ooh . Let us not talk about death , señor . It is too depressing . I do not like to talk about the dead . If they hear you speak of them , they come back in the night and steal your eyes . You have beautiful eyes . I wouldn 't want you to lose them . You should be careful , for you , too , have pretty eyes . It would be a shame if someone stole them . Now , if you will excuse me , I must change for my next dance . About Jackson ... He said he was searching for treasures of art . Treasures of art are found in the most peculiar places . Yes . If you come with me , I will show you . Early Aztec . My ancestors were known for their silver craft . I 'd say they had other virtues , too . Lime ... and salt . It 's a custom in my country to have the hostess drink first . Oh , but in my country , we drink together , especially tequila . ¿ Bueno ? Muy bueno . Tell me , little pussycat , what 's a " Flory " ? You are hunting again , señor . Well , you did invite me up here to see your , um , treasures . Mm-hmm . And you will . You really do have pretty eyes . Any other time , señor ... any other time . I will tell Señor Flory you were asking for him . Same size , same shape . This is ours , this is theirs . They were carrying the coal in baskets , just like this . You saw them carrying this coal into the mission ? Mm-hmm - now , the temperature today is 80 degrees Fahrenheit . And you don 't figure they were using it to warm the pews . Jackson wasn 't a religious man , but I doubt if he 'd blow up anybody 's congregation . Well , then what was he so anxious to blow up ? That 's what I 'm going to find out . While I just sit around here and make bombs , huh ? No , you take the coal - our coal - and get it in the place . Well , of course . Don 't I make the sun rise in the west every morning ? Mm-hmm . Uh , James , just one thing : We 'll be in a foreign country . If you get into any trouble , you can 't look to Washington for help . And just one thing for you , Artemus : Don 't get tired of this job and lay down . The beds in this town - they 're pure murder . No , go away ! Please , Monsieur Flory ! Monsieur Flory ... Emmenez-la ! No ! Help me . Help you ? After the way you tried to tuck me into bed ? I could not help myself . I had no choice . You must believe me . You nearly had me garroted , blown up , then carved up in the bed . You show me a man who wouldn 't believe you and I 'll show you a coward . It is not for myself , it is for the others and ... Oh , please , listen to me . Listen to you once again , I could end up pretty dead . After you , little pussycat . And the Chateaubriand , perfectly underdone . Wine ... the blood of life . You must remember that , my dear Roxanne . And the shrimp - absolutely delicious , Roxanne . Fresh from the Gulf , there is no finer delicacy - pink and tender ... just properly chilled . Take it away . Please , Monsieur Flory , I 'm so hungry . Abstinence is good for the soul , my dear Roxanne . I do hate the sight of blood , Monsieur West . Guard . No , no , no , no ... No ... Next time such compassion possesses your heart , you will take her place in the hunt , Gatita . Get her out of here . Leave her alone . No ... Come on . But now , mon ami , welcome to France . France ? Elba , France , to be exact . Elba , France ? Well , everyone does have his Elba . Napoleon had his ... I , mine . You , yours perhaps ? You must consider yourself my guest . What did she do wrong , your , um , lady fox ? She displeased me . I must say , you have a way about you . You certainly made a runner out of her . So this is what a " Flory " is . Paintings ... that complex of yours - blast furnaces , forges , sheets of steel , all that coal . Do you have something special in mind ? Bon appétit , mon ami . Although , unfortunately , I cannot offer you lobster on ice or caviar . Your Captain , uh , Jackson - he saw to that . A tragedy . You touch me . All that lobster and caviar and such a treasure in art to have to be blown up along with your Captain Jackson . But I do raise my own pheasant ... under glass . Pheasant , pâté , Chateaubriand . As for François René , the Comte de Chateaubriand , I regard him more as a poet than a slice of beef . I do admire culture and breeding , Monsieur West . I regret there will not be time for an exchange of such cultures ... between our two worlds . Please ? I take it you want me to savor the fullness of life . No , I may be many things but never an ungracious host . From the finest vineyard in France . A great vintage . There will not be another year comparable ... for the next ten . Then why don 't you invite me back again ? I 'm sorry , but this must be your finest hour . You certainly are a gracious host . But for you , I have a special dessert . Monsieur Flory , I feel I must warn you : If you ever cross the border into the United States , I 'm going to have to take you into custody . You won 't have to worry about that after tomorrow , Monsieur West . After tomorrow , you will be dead . You waste your beautiful eyes , señor . I can dream . Then I will dream with you . What 's in this for you ? My people . They are the ones you saw in the caves underground . We are all from the same village . What 's Flory up to ? What 's he doing ? I don 't know . I only know that my people are like prisoners . But he said they will soon be freed . So now you 're his personal hostage . To keep them alive , you perform his delicate art of murder . It ... it hurt me to think that ... that you were meant to be my first victim . I don 't have much choice , do I ? Don 't ... I did promise you a delicious dessert , did I not , Monsieur West ? Your generosity kills me . You have put me to a great deal of trouble , but I shall accomplish what I have set out to do . In the end , I shall be the victor . That 's what Napoleon thought about his Elba . He lacked ... vision . Dreams do not make reality . And you 're different ? I will reclaim the empire . Mexico will be mine . Talk like that would have Napoleon I turning over in his grave . I said Mexico will be mine - not for France , Monsieur West . I will be Napoleon IV . To be more precise , I intend to reestablish Napoleonic rule in the Western Hemisphere . The United States has already stopped Napoleon once . What chance do you think you 'd have ? When Napoleon moved into Mexico , he expected the civil war to give him enough time to secure his puppet government . That estimate was inaccurate . Before we knew it , American troops were threatening our existence . The threat of these troops forced us to depart . And now you think you can change all that . Your government was able to move its army and all the supplies it needed with such speed for one reason - its great railroad system . That is my obstacle . That railroad system still exists . But not for long . My design . My engine of destruction , monsieur . I have laid secret tracks leading from here into the main trunk line in the United States . My monster will seek out its prey , destroy and return under the cover of darkness . It is almost finished . A toy 's never yet won a war . But I do not have a toy . As you shall see . This is the battering ram on the front of my monster . No train could possibly withstand the impact . The demands of power and speed have led to a far greater increase in steam pressure - 200 pounds per square inch . The boiler tubes must be extra strong . I imagined that . These driving wheels ... they give my machine a far greater tractive force . What happens if the track gets wet after a night 's rain ? Vents of hot air will be placed in front of the wheels to dry the rails . My machine will be limited only by the ability of the firemen to shovel coal into the firebox . My monster will soon be sent out to play . But we have had our little game , mon ami . We should now get back to the matter of life ... or death . That depends on whose point of view . Shall we say ... mine ? At precisely 12 : 00 , water triggers the gong . That gong was hand-crafted by some of the finest metalsmiths of France . I seem to find my mind fixed upon a great sermon by Jean ... John Donne . There are some lines that might be of particular interest to you - " Never send to find out for whom the bell tolls ; it tolls for thee . " Take him over , that he might inspect it more closely . Any last words , Monsieur West ? Nothing you 'd agree with , Monsieur Flory . Shall we just say au revoir , then , mon ami ? ¶ Malagueña ... ¶ Hey , toro ! Hey , hey , hey ! ¶ Malagueña ... ¶ See to that peasant ! ¶ Besar tus labios quisiera . ¶ Compadre de mi vida ! ¿ Quieres un poquito a beber ? Take them alive ! What 's that ? Some sleeping gas I dreamed up . They will finish his monster and no one will be free , and he will kill everyone to keep his secret . Not if we kill the monster first . Oh , no , no , no . Nothing ever works right , does it ? I mean for people like us . Just keep purring , pussycat . How can I keep purring when my people are in danger ? I , uh , hate to break into anything chummy , James , but it looks like things are going to be getting warm here in a minute or two . It is a pity you have made things so difficult , mon ami . I had hoped to treat you in a civilized manner . But ... you and your friend shall be the first passengers aboard my train . You will ride in a special place . Directly at the point of the battering ram . You will be able to see everything with an unobstructed view . And so the long ride will not prove too lonely , there will be the company of a third passenger . I 'll be back to wish you bon voyage , mon ami . They shovel like the rest . Do something to get their attention . I could recite . If it 'll work , do it . Friends , friends ! May I have your kind attention for one moment , please ? You slave here in the devil 's land , you all work , and for what ? Do you think this toy that you 're building is going to bring you wealth or freedom ? And what if it doesn 't even run , huh ? Tell me that . Aha - that gives you pause to wonder , doesn 't it ? I tell you , there 's one thing you really have to be careful of , and that is that they 'll make you ride in the baggage cars ! They will be asking for you to ride in baggage cars all the way through , and they won 't even let you ride on the train ! I ask you this ... You see , even now they will not allow the truth to be heard ! Ayúdenlos ! Tell your people to get out of here ! This whole place is going up in a minute and a half ! Take the guards with you ! Todos para afuera ! En menos de dos minutos explotará ! Llevan a los guardias consigo . Artemus , get her out of here ! Get back , I say ! I 'm in command here ! Para la lucha , para la lucha ... Jim ! Come on ! Non , Angélique . Non , Diable . Au revoir , mes amis . You have destroyed my dream ! Can I do less than destroy you ? ! One minute and 30 seconds , was it not , mon ami ? Now ... we shall wait together . Jimmy ? Jimmy ! There just isn 't any room for Napoleons anymore . Ah . ¿ Bueno ? Muy bueno . More ? More . This from the front , James , right off the press . Uh ... I , uh ... Guess this is the wrong time . He could be right , little pussycat .
