 Six minutes , ten seconds . Six minutes , nine seconds . I wish this were over . I wish we had the princess safely aboard and on the way to Washington . There 's a chance your information was in error , you know . Do you realize the kind of embarrassment this could cause us at the State Department - the whole country - if anything happens ? They 'd better make a move in six minutes or forget about it . Yes , we 're here . Thank you . Your Highness , may I present James West , Esquire . Charmed . This is my maid-in-waiting , the Signorina Marianna . Señor . It is initial of a beloved one now in the past . Marianna . I will go inside with the gentleman . You proceed to the railroad station with the luggage . Your Highness , may I present Ambassador Perkins of our country . Mr. Ambassador , Her Royal Highness Princess Gina Carlotta of Albania . It is a pleasure to meet an old friend . Your Royal Highness . What a vacant stare , Mr. Ambassador . Surely you remember Her Royal Highness . That 's exactly the trouble ... I remember her vividly . This is not the princess . That is the pitfall impostors have to face - the unexpected can always occur to expose one . Now , if you 'll excuse me , gentlemen . Give me a hand , will ya ? Take her to the couch . They 're gone . Are you getting into shape to face a firing squad ? No , trying to figure out how we got outflanked . Yeah , so am I. Now , from the time I boarded the Dolce Vita ten miles out of New Orleans here and from the time I met the princess - or at least the woman who said she was the princess - I never let her out of my sight . Now , that can only mean ... the substitution was made before I boarded the ship . The ship made one stop for coal at Key West . Well , they could 've taken the real princess off there . Or she could 've been taken off the ship before it left Albania . Which way are you betting ? Oh , against us . Have you made any new smoke bombs ? Hah ... voilà . Smoke bombs . I hope you don 't mind , old friend , I incorporated a little extra bonus in these . As it smokes ... I turn into Aladdin . Uh , ha , ha , no . No , when they smoke , they emit a pungent matter which affects the eyes . The , uh , tear ducts , if you will . A kind of crying gas . You know , if that ever came into general use , it could revolutionize warfare . Put a premium on speed - " He who throws first always wins . " And for the loser , tears . Now , what are we going to do about the Albanian Ambassador ? Oh , that 's easy . We just , uh , walk into the embassy and say , " Prince Gio , how do you do ? " We 're the two boobs who are responsible " for your sister , the Princess Gina , being either ... kidnapped or killed . " One of the new writing machines . As a novelty , I 'm using it to print a menu of the embassy ball . May I ? Thank you . A menu prepared by you . I 'd be happy to eat the print . What a charming compliment , monsieur . Artemus Gordon . My name is James West . We have an appointment to meet the prince . Oh , yes . You may go up . But say nothing until you are spoken to . Nothing ? Whatever you do ... do not disturb his concentration . Kung fu . Mm-hmm . Hey , he 's pretty good . He 's the best I 've ever seen . Now you are mine ... old bear . You are a fool for a fake to the left , old bear . And now ... I have you . The fate of the vanquished . Concentration is the secret of all great strength and power - a philosophy I was taught in the east a long time ago . Gentlemen , Prince Gio welcomes you . My name is James West and this is Mr. Artemus Gordon . Your Highness . I know who you are . Nicholas . Go have yourself attended to . If I had been willing to forgo my station in life , I would have been the greatest athlete the world has ever known . Well , you countered quite beautifully , I must say . You waited for his attack and then very accurately countered it . Of course all great athletes do that . But I am much more than accurate in my judgments . Actually , I should have lived at the time when the glory of Greece was the greatest . Then the laurel wreath was honored above all awards . I would have been the first citizen of Athens . You 're very fast on your feet , Your Highness . Thank you . Poor Nicholas . I did not mean to hurt him . But in the excitement of the action , I let myself think of tomorrow 's opponent . And who might that be ? A 700-pound grizzly bear . Aah ... Claws taped , of course ? No , why ? We must give the bear a chance , no ? But , uh , you did not come here to speak of athletics . No . I want to talk to you about your sister . Gina Carlotta . Yes , your State Department has informed me of her disappearance . My government will express its disgust with your government in a formal note . If you will just permit us to explain the circumstances , Your Highness , I 'm sure ... Circumstances ? She comes to this barbarous country where there is no respect for a woman , where a crime against an alien is no crime at all . Gentlemen , where is she ? I don 't know . But my government provided every protection . If that is so , Mr. West , where is she ? Where is my lovely sister ? What and who was her protection ? We were . Prince Gio , only those directly concerned knew the port of departure and the name of the ship , and yet criminals managed to reach your sister before her ship entered American waters . What we 're trying to say is there was an information leak . The ship she sailed on was kept secret . Are you suggesting , perchance , that any of my staff are traitors ? I 'm suggesting that we don 't accept anything on face value . I personally vouch for their integrity . These leaks you speak of , what of your State Department ? What of your people ? They 've all been checked thoroughly , Your Highness . What we would like to do , Your Highness , is check over the embassy and speak with your staff . Mr. West , I have just vouched for my people . I understand that . I am suggesting a double check . This interview is at an end . Your government will produce my sister , the Princess Gina , by tomorrow , or there will be ... the most serious consequences . Your Highness , all we knew was that there was going to be an attempt to stop her from reaching the embassy . Might I ask what her mission was ? And now you want to pry into my government 's secrets ? Because I am a diplomat , I will control my emotions . I will merely remind you that your American arrogance and pride have allowed you , this once , to forget you are not Americans standing on American soil . No . Indeed not . You are aliens in Albanian territory . Show these , uh ... gentlemen out , please . Yes , Highness . This way . Good afternoon . For better or worse , business is over . For worse , I 'm afraid . I was told American men were ... simpatic . You were told the truth . Suppose I issued an invitation - a request that you take me for dinner ... tonight ? I was told that the women of your country are the most enchanting women in the world . Mmm , you were told the truth . Unfortunately , I don 't have the time to find out . It is urgent that I speak to you ... secretly . It is dangerous for me to keep talking here . 7 : 00 ? The Continental Hotel . Room 12 . It 's 7 : 00 . I 'm almost ready . Quite a surprise . It doesn 't look like it 's a hotel . It was quite barren when I moved in . I 'm trying to make it livable . James ? Hmm ? I am a very lonely person . You ? Lonely ? His Highness says , better to be lonely than to trust Americans . You can trust some Americans some of the time , and some Americans you can trust all the time . Mmm , I trust you . Mmm . It is poetic , is it not ? To touch a woman 's lips and find ecstasy ? You touch a doorknob , and find death . Am I too brazen ? No . Not at all . Shall we go ? Oh , must we rush ? It is so quiet . So peaceful . Let 's have dinner . He 's coming . He is coming before we are ready . Please , Jim . Can 't we prolong this moment ? Is that the initial of a loved one now in the past ? Why , yes . How did you know ? I guessed . Ready ? Another moment . How long did they tell you to keep me here ? How did you know that ? I said , how long ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . All right . Then open the door . Like the phony princess , you 're expendable , too . You touch that door , and you 'd be blown to bits . You lie ! Leave me alone . You must be convinced , to kill me , they 'd kill you or anybody . I am afraid . Tell me where the princess is . I don 't know . You do know . Now , tell me . If I told you , they would kill me . I won 't let them . What can you do ? One person against them and their evil . I have failed them . They will find me and ... Not if I get to them first . There ... there is a riding club . Go on . We meet there . The wearers of the " C. " On the Old Post Road , south of the city . What does the " C " stand for ? Camora . We are an organization of criminals . We believe in the Camora . Camora is good . All hail the C ... My heart , my soul , my very breath belongs to the Camora . Camoriste forever ! Let the first neophyte step forth . Are you prepared to take the oath ? I am . Raise your left arm and repeat after me . I believe in the Camora . I believe in the Camora . The Camora is good . All else is evil . My heart . My heart . My soul . My soul . My very breath belongs to the Camora . My very breath belongs to the Camora . Camoriste forever . Let the second neophyte step forth . Are you prepared to take the oath ? I am . Raise your left hand and repeat after me . I believe in the Camora . The Camora is good . Señor West . Go from here before they find you . If-if I do not return with the scrolls ... Where 's the Princess ? But you should be the last to ask that . With your own eyes , you saw a knife thrown into her . I 'm talking about the real princess . The one that was taken off the ship . No . Believe me , I know nothing . Camoriste forever ! Is she inside the barn ? I tell you , I do not know . This life - I cannot stand it anymore . Always a slave . Never free . You get " C " for camoriste , and " F " for lying . Oh , please , you must believe me . Are you ready to take the oath ? I am . Raise your left hand and repeat after me . I believe in the Camora . I believe in the Camora . The Camora is good . Will you help me ? That depends . How ? For a beginning , come with me now . Yes . I will go with you . Camoriste ! Camoriste ! What can we do for you , Mr. West ? You can let me join the club . I 'm afraid that would be ... impossible . But how fortunate that you should visit us at this time . Would you like to guess at my meaning ? If I must , I guess you 're a little short of targets . Mr. West ... you positively have powers of clairvoyance . The fact is , we are in dire need of people like you to help us with our training program . Marianna ? Marius . Quickly . We have no time to waste . There is much to be done before we open the doors to our guests at the Embassy Ball tonight . Take our friendly visitor to the field . And may the best man win . Come , Marianna . In a moment . We have not finished the ceremony . I will be there . If you don 't mind me asking , beloved , what 's the wine for ? If your courage fails , you may drink it . It contains a quick-acting poison . It must be quite an exercise you 're conducting . Oh , it is . A stiff test of skill for all of us . Is there a prize for the first one to kill me ? Nothing quite that crude . First , our riders will gallop past you throwing spears . The object is to outline your body with them . What if one nicks me ? It is a foul and he is disqualified . Well , when do we begin ? Oh , as soon as the last neophyte is initiated . No hurry . It will be quite a treat for them , with such a handsome , alive object . For them , or for you , beloved ? You are mine no longer , mon ami . You belong to all of us . I have a favor to ask . It may , uh , stop me from drinking the wine . Yes ? You ride first when the serious spear work begins . You think I won 't ? I think you 'll miss . I think you 'll lose your nerve . I will put it through your heart . Camoriste ! Stop . No , he 's my kill . Camoriste ! Well , you brought back the pretty signorina to answer a few questions , didn 't you ? I have nothing to say to either of you . I 'm sure you must know the aims of a crime society are bad . How little you know of us . Look , you 're caught . Why don 't you help us ? Against the Camora ? Do you think I would do that to Prince Gio ? Besides , his highness is a great and powerful man , one of the leading diplomats . He would be immune to the sniping of your bureaucrats . But the Camora advocates violence , so we have to eliminate it . It is too late for that . The wearers of the " C " have spread far and wide . They have organized in well disciplined units , ready to die for king and country . Upon signal , they will take from your ill-gotten riches that which will make our nation strong and prosperous . Probably even stronger than you . This Gio 's almost as agile as that cat . Have you nothing better to do than play with a stray cat ? No . Certainly have earned your milk today . Wait a minute . Do you hear something ? Hear what ? A scraping sound just outside the car . Better have a look . James , do you realize that part of my anger is because of you ? Because of me ? You , you squander yourself . Waste your skills . Me ? For a government pittance . Come and join us . You will have honor and good pay because His Highness admires your style . Is that why he tried to use me for an outsized pincushion ? Why is it you criminals always assume that you can buy a man simply because he works for the government ? And I don 't work for a pittance . I live like a king . And we Camoriste are not criminals . We are patriots . Besides ... money would not be the only thing . There are other benefits . Go on . " C " does not only stand for Camoriste . It also stands for caress . Well that 's an interesting way to overcome an enemy . Yes , it is . Anything outside ? No , the engineer says he just saw some horseman riding along the crest of the hill . Well , the signorina seems very amiable . Perhaps softened by love ? Love does not make one soft . I beg your pardon . Blind , then . A maid-in-waiting ought to know where her princess is . She ought to know when her princess was killed and where . Killed ? Do you think we are monsters ? Then she is alive . Artemus , if you had to hide someone from a foreign agent , where would the most logical place be ? Don 't tell me , I think I know . His Excellency , the Landgrave of Falder , Pomerania . So nice to see you looking well again . Thank you . It 's a delightful evening , Your Highness . The honorable Xavier Perkins . James West , Esq . You sure you want to face him alone , Jim ? For now . Good luck . Thank you , Your Highness . Enjoy yourself . Your Highness , Mr. West is here . Yes . I trust you 're ready to give him the proper welcome . Yes , Your Highness . Good evening . Evening . Mr. West , you are traveling tonight ... on a State Department visa , I see . Visa ? Yes . You have left the United States and crossed over into Albania . And your visa , it has expired . Isn 't tourism one of your industries , Your Highness ? You are here on sufferance only . I notice your guards are dressed in black and white . How tasteful . Yes . And they have orders to prevent all unauthorized departures . What a coincidence . My guards on the outside , they have the same orders . It would seem that one escape from death today would have made you less foolhardy , less impetuous . You are here only to search for my sister , the Princess Gina . The whole world is concerned about your sister , Your Highness . The whole world 's feelings are nothing compared to mine . For the last time , this is a private matter . And now , may I remind you of an old saying - when in Rome , do as the Romans do . Enjoy yourself . Well ? Uh , what , sir ? Announce me . Your invitation , please , Excellency ? The proper term of address is " Highness . " I am the Grand Elector of Saxony . I 'm sorry , Your Highness , but no one is admitted without the proper credentials . Everybody knows the Grand Elector of Saxony . In all the capitals of the world , I come and go as I please . I am honored and sought after . Why , no function is successful without me . Pe-people are very fond of pointing me out as the longest in-in-in a long , long line of those who 've been electing holy Roman emperors since 1326 . Now , announce me , if you please . I cannot without an invitation , Your Highness . Am-am I to be rejected by the Albanians of all things ? I demand that you summon your prince . He will know me . Your Highness . Yes ? I am the Baroness Kolinski . Perhaps you would share my invitation ? I would be charmed . Oh , uh , but the gentleman ... your escort ? Oh , George hates these affairs . He would much rather go out to the carriage and sleep . Excellency , you would be doing me a great favor . Highness , Highness , Highness . Yes , thank you . Delighted . Thank you . His Royal Highness , the Grand Elector of Saxony . Baroness Kolinski . Oh , uh , Baroness , I wonder whether I could beg your indulgence for a moment , dear lady . Indulgence ? Yes , there 's a gentleman over there I want to speak to for just a minute . I 'll hurry right back . How are you , Jim ? You look more like the Grand Elector than the Grand Elector . Thank you . How are our chances ? Every door 's guarded . I don 't think I 'll be able to shake clear of this room . Could you do it under cover of a major disturbance ? I might . You 've got it . Pick your exit . You 'll know when to make your move . No more , thank you . Your Royal Highness , it 's an honor . Oh , my dear Landgrave , it 's a pleasure to see you looking so , uh ... fit . You need not be insincere , Your Highness . You know , I 'm about to lose my mind with this waiting , waiting for the State Department . While I wait , thousands of our young men perish in an unjust war . Oh , there 's really no need to wait , my dear Landgrave . I can predict it now . The official American attitude will be one of strict neutrality . Neutrality ? ! Indeed . With which I disagree . If I were the American Secretary , I should censure you for violating the Carpathian border . After all , you had your gunboats fire on their coastlines , their ports . You presume to condemn ... Would you give Mr. Abernathy a glass of champagne , please ? For people in-in need of money , in need of friends . Still much greater than Carpathia . My father always said over and over and over again , you can never trust a land-hungry Pomeranian . Barbarians . Why ... My people were civilized when yours still lived in caves . No , no . Not here , please . Not at a time like this . Not at a function like this . What better time ? What better place ? Don 't try to intimidate me ! I would not need to intimidate anyone , my dear friend . Friend ? You have no friends , and as for your reputation as an athletic champion , I am not impressed with that . I challenge you here and now , and I dub you Champion of Cheese . Stand aside . I will now try to impress you . Clear the area . I will now throw you from here ... to the staircase . Oh , Your Highness , please . I-I beg of you , forgive me . I don 't know what came over me , really . I 'm terribly sorry . Forgive me , please . I 'm sorry . My dear sir , are your not feeling well ? Well , it-it was the wine . The wine . Yeah , I 'm sure it was the wine . Hello ? Shh ! Hello . I 'm Gina Carlotta of Albania . I know . If they stop me before I free you , remember the name Artemus Gordon . You can trust him . Artemus Gordon . Why did your brother do this to you ? Because he knows that I bring orders from my father for the disbanding of the Camora . He wanted to use the Camora to gain power , to take control . Poor Gio . I 'm a burden to him . He 'd like to be rid of me . But he hasn 't harmed you . He doesn 't dare . Even in this cell , he provides me with comforts ... a feather bed and books to read . Why ? Because if anything happens to me , our father will destroy him . I can hardly believe that Gio would be afraid of any man . He thinks that if he takes home the riches amassed through the crimes of the Camora and delivers me unharmed , Father will forgive him anything . I 'm going to have to cut through these bars . These stout bars ? With what ? How clever . Drop it , Mr. West . Marius . Andreas , when you can get up , go out to the yard . You need a little more practice . Please , Your Highness , as a favor , let me kill him . You had your chance , and you failed . Mr. West , this time there will be no mistakes , no errors , because I personally ... am going to kill you . Gio , you must not . He was only trying to help me . Oh ? And save you from what , my dear little Gina Carlotta ? Save you from your loving brother ? Marius ... Take him to the arena . Gina Carlotta , I wish to make something clear to you . Crystal clear . I will permit no one to interfere with my plans . That means ... not even my lovely sister . Do you wish us to remain , Your Highness ? No . Is there anything else ? Yes . Put the latch on the door as you leave . Please , Your Highness , may we watch ? Yes , you may ... from the ballroom . There is the ideal place to watch the descent of the body . To note how it hits the hard wood without harming the dancers . Yes , Your Highness . Look below , Mr. West . The net , of course , is not in place . The loser of our little event will be the one to fall through to the floor below . I will be gracious and permit you the first attack . Now , let me say , Mr. West , that I will most assuredly ... kill you . But first , I will enjoy beating you to a pulp . Concentration , Mr. West . Concentration . That ... is your destination . I hope ... you had a good look . Delightful ! Since the princess has taken over at the Embassy , I know you must be sent home , but I find it just delightful to have the task of escorting you to New Orleans . I will try to be no trouble . Trouble ? Oh , it just gives us a chance to get better acquainted - to really get to know each other , however briefly . I 'm afraid not , Mr. Gordon . No longer is there time for frivolity . You call romance frivolity . Don 't , Marianna . You 're letting the past disturb you . The past is always with us . But so is the future . You shall have music , dancing , champagne . Not necessarily in that order . Presto , Marianna ! Music . I have no time for nonessentials . Boy , do you pick the wrong time . Artemus ... that 's not the way it 's done . No ? All right , Mr. Expert , why don 't you show me ? Hello , Marianna . Hello , Mr. West . Well , last time it was James . That was a thousand years ago now . I must learn to earn my livelihood when I go home . I must learn how to master this machine . I must practice . That 's the way it 's done , huh ?
