 West . Good evening , Senator . Must be something pretty important to bring you down here . It is , sir , extremely important . Ah , Senator Hastings . Bon soir , mon ami . Consul-General . Excuse us , please . I want you should meet our distinguished guest . He is one of France 's most ... Oh , Jim . We 're bringing it down in about a half hour . Until then , it 's locked up safe and sound . Have you checked the guests ? I can vouch for everyone , Lieutenant . I don 't wish to be overly officious , monsieur , but we of the Sûreté are not content with the ordinary safeguards . Now , Lieutenant , I have the highest regard for the Sûreté , but considering the importance of the material locked in your safe and the difficulty it would cause both our governments if it were stolen , we want to give you our fullest cooperation . Excuse me . I warn you , Dr. Ormont , I don 't much understand these scientific things . Franconium is the most amazing substance that has been discovered up to date . Excuse me , Doctor . Monsieur West . I think that you will be struck - staggered by the possibilities ... We shall be starting in a moment . Oh , fine . Thank you . May I ? I brought in the flowers and the vase myself , Monsieur West . Are you interested in flowers ? Or are you looking for a bomb ? Ah , just habit , I 'm afraid . But when my assignment is over , would you celebrate the occasion by going to the theater with me ? I would love to . Oh , yes , I 've got it . I met you at the Geneva Conference of weights and measures . No , I 'm afraid ... Ah , then it must have been at Greenwich Seminar . No , I 'm sorry , I ... Uh-uh , I never make a mistake . Of course , the Greenwich Seminar . How are you ? You 're late , madam . Because of the war now going on between France and Prussia , the United States has been good enough to allow us to bring Dr. Ormont 's discovery - Franconium - to this country for safe keeping . We are taking advantage of this opportunity to introduce it to you gentlemen of the American scientific community . It gives me great pleasure to introduce France 's most distinguished scientist , Dr. Jean-Paul Ormont . My friends and colleagues ... Among certain sorts of uranium , there is one ... Keep your eye on things here . I 'll check it out . Right . Its departed presence , if you will , can impart to the key a brilliant ... May I have a look ? Oh , Monsieur West , you startled me . You were so absorbed in whatever it is you 're looking at on the slide . It is a failure , I suspect . Uh ... Monsieur West , you have not found the Franconium ? I have no more idea where it is today than I did yesterday . Those look like orchid spores . Odontoglossum . I 'm attempting to stain them with aniline , but my technique ... I usually don 't have trouble understanding what a woman 's saying . But I am a botanist . On behalf of the French government , I am collecting samples of your flora . When I have cultivated them and toughened them , and to some extent acclimated them , I shall ship some home to France . You 're a surprising woman . Toujours femmes , toujours surprises . A woman is not a woman without surprises . I like surprises , but of course , within limits . But of course . This place has a most interesting history . Originally , it was a tannery . I understand the vats are still underneath there . I may take a look . Oh . Surely you do not suspect the Franconium is still in the consulate . That container 's lead-lined , heavy , very difficult to move . I believe your uncle 's waiting for me now . May I join you ? My pleasure . Oh , I beg your pardon . Jim , could I see you for a moment , please ? You 'll excuse us , of course . Certainement . Sorry to break into your Cattleya occidens . You know about orchids , then , Monsieur Gordon . Oh , just a snipping acquaintance . As a matter of fact , I 've always been interested in nature since I was a little boy . Artemus , you did want to see me , didn 't you ? Oh , yes . My Great-Aunt Maude always used to say , " Every man should have a hobby . " Or were you just , uh , contemplating that bit of orchid as a potential corsage for the young lady you 're taking to the theater tonight ? You have been the busy Secret Service man , haven 't you ? Now what about that security check I ordered ? Nobody leaves here without being put under surveillance . Keep it around the clock . Does that include the , uh , lady of the orchid or will you be cultivating that one personally ? Everybody knows that a young orchid has to be kept at a carefully controlled temperature as long as ... You have a suspicious mind , Jim . A very suspicious mind . What you are looking at here is a ghost . As you know , last night a lead-lined canister containing 100 grams of Franconium was in this safe . The power of this substance is utterly fantastic , beyond imagination . You have already seen how by placing an ordinary key in the safe for a few minutes the effluvium of the Franconium - its , uh , departed presence , if you will - can impart to the key a brilliant radiance . What 's that instrument you 're holding , Doctor ? An energy register . A simple detection device I designed . The rotors inside the hermetically sealed vessel are highly sensitive to Franconium or any substance exposed to it without a protective lead shield . Now , you will notice , when I get into the sphere of the exposed key ... the vanes will rotate faster . Inanimate objects glow when exposed to Franconium . Think what it can do to a human body . One drop of it unshielded could kill a room full of people ; think what a weapon of destruction that could be . And every gram of Franconium in the world was in that safe . Loose , in the wrong hands , a killer . Oh , a catastrophe . I cannot describe how much . Perhaps I can , with Monsieur the Consul - General 's permission . Uh , Monsieur West ... it may have come to your notice . France is presently at war with Prussia . My country 's very much aware of it , Lieutenant Renard . Ah , I am truly delighted to hear that , monsieur . You should also be aware of the fact that as the representative of French Sûreté , I felt from the beginning it would be a tragic mistake to ship our Franconium to your country . I 'm becoming aware of your feeling , Lieutenant . I foresaw the possibility that it might fall into Prussian hands as a result of a bungling , monsieur . Who 's bungling ? Or does the Sûreté always claim to be clairvoyant after the crime 's committed ? Please , these accusations , they 're uncalled for . Monsieur West , you understand that in Prussian hands it would be used against France . Surely that must be of some vital concern to you . My only concern is getting the Franconium back into the hands of its rightful owners . Forgive me , Uncle , I know I should remain quiet , but ... Monsieur le Consul-General , surely we are being unfair to Monsieur West . Speaking of bungling , Lieutenant , where were you exactly when the explosion took place ? Oh , I see , monsieur . Now it is I who is to blame , eh ? Well , you may be right , mademoiselle . Monsieur West 's country generously decides to help us safeguard our treasure - even assigns one of its top operatives to , uh , safeguard it - in spite of which it has managed to vanish without a single clue . Excuse the interruption , Lieutenant , but this young lady 's part of the team that made off with the Franconium . You must be mistaken . She was masquerading as an old lady last night . But she is Amelie Charlemont , my secretary . The man has delusions . All right , we 'll settle this right now - lift up your foot . I will not ! How dare you ? Look at her ankle , gentlemen . A perfect set of my fingerprints . A little souvenir from last night . Amelie ! C 'est incroyable . Alors , what about her accomplice and the Franconium ? Maybe Amelie can be persuaded to fill us in on those little details . I 'll take over the questioning now , Monsieur . I 'll handle this , if you don 't mind . Perhaps Monsieur forgets , Miss Charlemont is a French national . This consulate is French territory , and the crime itself was committed against France . Nevertheless , I 'm going to have to pull rank on you . With your permission , Sir . Oui , monsieur . Lieutenant , a few questions , what harm can there be in that , eh ? Alone , Lieutenant , if you don 't mind . Sit down . Of course , you know you 're in a lot of trouble . Your heavy-footed friend fixed you up pretty good last night . Snuffing out a servant 's life . It makes you an accomplice to murder , doesn 't it ? You 're going to have to pay for what happened last night , but , of course , if you cooperate , the price will be considerably more attractive . You 're a pretty , young girl ... very attractive , but what do you think you 'll look like after 20 years in the prison workshop ? You shouldn 't have done that . You really shouldn 't have done that . Mr. West , I 'm truly sorry . You should be sorry . You spoke of my cooperating . Would you really help me if I do ? Of course , if you 're genuinely sincere . Because I want very , very much to cooperate with you . That 's not exactly the kind of cooperation I had in mind . Something wrong with my kind ? No , no . As a matter of fact ... Did she get away ? Free and clear . Monsieur , I am appalled . How could you let such a thing happen ? And with your own revolver ? She didn 't have one of her own . Thank you . Face powder ? For the sake of an amorous little episode ? Monsieur , this is sordid . I thought it was rather pleasant myself . If this is the way American Secret Service performs its function , monsieur ... Uh , Lieutenant ... uh-uh . Bulletproof . And Amelie is being followed by one of our men this very moment . You mean ... you planned this ? In hopes that she would lead us to her confederates . When the time is right , I 'll follow her . You might have taken me into your confidence ! There wasn 't time . Where 's Amelie ? Uh , she 's escaped . Escaped ! I 'm afraid so . It was my fault , I was careless . The girl had my fullest trust and confidence . I cannot help but feel that there must have been a mistake . There is no mistake , I can assure you , Monsieur Ormont . But Amelie ... she 's been with me so long , and I felt so sure about her character and loyalty . And don 't forget , Uncle , the Prussians have a great deal of money with which to tempt a young girl . Even so , she will be caught again . I almost hope she isn 't . Sir , I don 't have to remind you of the importance to France of the material that has been stolen . Or the embarrassment to us . No , no . Of course , you are right . Until all this is settled , Uncle , n-none of us can feel really safe , or know whom to trust . Well , Jim , I guess we , uh ... should get started , huh ? You might be able to use these . Uh , thank you . I would rather wait until you are free . Jim ... Tell me something . You ever wonder what might have happened if Amelie had pointed that gun a little higher when she shot at you ? I think the box office would have refunded the money . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Three ... Four ... Artemus ! Shh , I 'm timing this - five ... six ... What are you doing ? I got to concentrate here . Seven ... eight ... Nine ... Ten . It works . One day , one of your ideas isn 't going to work , and you 're going to find yourself stretched out for good . I 'm still a lot safer than somebody who lets dear Amelie take pot shots at him , even with a bulletproof vest . Want to know what it is ? Well , if I don 't ask you , you 'll tell me anyway . It 's a chemical leech . Chemical what ? Leech . That 's a ball of a new chemical compound with such highly developed adhesive powers that on contact , it 'll support a man 's weight for ten seconds . All you got to do is mash it against something solid . It 's fantastic stuff . Oh , I 've arranged to put the train in for a general overhaul . We 'll have rooms at the hotel for a couple of days , all right ? " Amelie ... " Charlemont ... " followed ... to ... Hannibal ... Amusement ... Park . " " Meeting ... expected ... to ... take ... place . " Artemus , I want you to run a security check on everyone connected with the embassy . Hannibal Amusement Park ... I haven 't had cotton candy for years . Hurry , hurry , hurry . Step right up , folks . Meet this beautiful , gorgeous , exhilarating dancer from the rivers of the Nile . She wiggles and she shakes , and she makes your hair curl . Step right up , folks , it 's only one dime , ten cents , one tenth of a dollar . Everybody goes . Step up to the signpost . The show 's about to commence . Hurry , hurry , hurry . Here it is . The greatest girlie show on the island . Here she is , Lucy . Right direct from the land ... from the land of beautiful women with exotic dances . Folks , one dime . One tenth of a dollar . One thin dime . Two nickels . Yes , sir . Step right up , see this gorgeous , exotic dancer from the land of the Nile . She wiggles and she shakes , and she makes your hair curl . Step right up , folks . It 's only one dime , ten cents . One tenth of a dollar . Everybody goes . Step right inside , folks . The show is about to commence . Here she is , right direct from ... I got your instructions to meet you here . I wish you could have seen the expression on Mr. West 's face when I shot him . You stupid fool . Stupid ? You did exactly what Monsieur West wanted you to do . But I shot him ! I killed him ! Of course you did , cherie . I don 't understand . He was wearing a bulletproof vest . Monsieur West wanted you to shoot him , to think you have killed him . But why ? To follow you . To make you talk , to have you lead him to me . I would never do that . You know that . Oh , oui . I know that . No . You are too kind . Very handsome . You are most understanding . To appreciate the difficulty of your position ? That should be obvious . You also are in a very difficult position . Eh ... awkward , at least . There 's the American . Will you join us ? This is an unexpected pleasure , Monsieur West . Your pursuit of Amelie has brought you here ? Your uncle told me where you 'd be . Oh ... then , you have found Amelie . Yes . And she has talked ? No . Uh , never fear . In my experience , a night in prison does wonders to loosen the tongue . I wouldn 't count on it this time . May I ask where you got your boutonniere ? Mademoiselle was kind enough to give it to me . It is my favorite flower and , uh ... Identical . Hmm . Um , is your boutonniere also from a lady , Monsieur West ? In a way . I took it from Amelie 's hand about a half hour ago . She was shot . Uh ... this is a very rare orchid . Avondus , I think . Yes , Avondus . Uh , grows only in Hawaii . Do you consider it a clue ? Perhaps . I 've asked for a complete dossier of information on everyone connected with the case . Including us ? Including you . Oh , ho , ho ... Such impudence . Only an American ... No , no , no , no , no . Eh , this , uh - what is the word - " cynicism " is typical of the Sûreté . Of course , we waste a great deal of time , but we are thorough . I will refer you to several ladies , who will give you the most interesting gossip about me . Some small fragments of it are even true . You and I will go away together somewhere quietly , just the two of us , and I will tell you all there is to know about me - absolutely everything . You will find it much more amusing than a dull dossier . I 'm sure , but there 's no need to go to all that trouble . Such lack of faith should be rewarded , Monsieur West . Most assuredly . As you say , mademoiselle , we shouldn 't trust anyone . Um ... one question , Monsieur West . Who is investigating you ? And don 't be so sure someone isn 't . Uh ... we should drink to something . To suspicion . Suspicion . Artemus . Artemus . Artemus . What are you trying to do ? I can ask you . Right in the middle of testing my new artificial lung . Artificial lung ? Yes ! And it 's brilliant , if I do say so myself , Jim . You see , you put this molded piece on over your ... over your nose ... Did you get the information on all the consulate personnel ? Well , naturally . It 's inside . I 've designed this thing so that it 'll hold five minutes ' worth of oxygen in the reservoir , Jim . Think of that . Five minutes underwater , submerged , and you 'd still survive . That is , if somebody was trying to drown you . What if it doesn 't work ? Bring it back . I 'll make you a new one . Just , uh ... hang that on the wall right over there , would you ? Yes , sir . Thank you . Oh , uh ... Jim , would you mind , uh ... Thank you , Mr. West . You seem worried . I am . Till that Franconium is found , it could be a worse killer than the people that stole it . Too bad we didn 't get to Amelie before that bullet . Well , I didn 't . 5-10 ½ inches . 165 pounds . A missing ring finger on the second joint of the left hand . " Renard ? What are you muttering about ? Renard . He doesn 't have any fingers missing . You sure about Renard ? I know Renard has all his fingers . I just saw him in a restaurant with Cluny , and they were very close and friendly . How friendly ? I don 't know . Cluny pinned an orchid in his lapel . When I found Amelie , she had an orchid clutched in her hand . What do we do now ? I think we better call the housekeeper . This place is a mess . CLUNY And now you know . Now I know that Lieutenant Renard had an artificial finger . You don 't know , but your accent isn 't showing . I have no further need for it . Anything else ? The rest are just guesses . Interested in hearing them ? Well , yes , please . Somewhere in this crate is a lead-lined container with a hundred grams of someone else 's Franconium . Very clever . Well , why Renard ? Why ? Why , because he 'd made the mistake of finding out things . Because he knew that you were the one that planned the theft of the Franconium . And now you know it , too . From the very beginning , he suspected me . Did you know that ? No , frankly , I didn 't give him enough credit . Poor , gallant Renard . You should also know this . In an effort to get proof , he even pretended he was in love with me . But you didn 't believe him , not for a minute . No , I don 't make mistakes . How about forgetting to take the orchid from Amelie 's hand after you shot her ? You call that a mistake ? It brought you here , didn 't it ? And what a shame your time has run out , Jim . Has it ? It 's too bad . Mice ? You no longer amuse me . Last time I heard those delicate footsteps was in the French Consulate . Very heavy gauge steel . No doors , no escape . Nothing but the best for your houseguests . Wait , there 's more . Do you know how orchids are protected against insect pests ? How ? By fumigation - the fumes of prussic acid , a very , very deadly gas . Yes , those are prussic acid fumes you hear . Your torch won 't last very long when the fumes drive the oxygen out , but neither will you . Just breathe deeply , and it 'll soon be over . Au revoir , Jim . Hurry with the boards . We have to get that Franconium out of here . Did you make all the arrangements for sailing ? And for the Franconium to be picked up when we arrived ? Be careful ! If there 's the slightest crack in that lead canister ... Who is it ? Express man , lady . Go away . Oh , I 'm sorry , lady , I can 't do that . You got to sign first . Come on , lady . I haven 't got all day . What 's this all about ? I don 't know . I had to pick up a trunk here . There is no trunk here . Oh ... certainly there is . There is no trunk and we don 't need an Express man . Well , there has to be . Otherwise , why would you send for me ? We didn 't send for you . Oh , you didn 't send for me ? That 's this place , ain 't it ? Yes , but ... And that says one trunk , don 't it ? Certainly , but ... All right . Where is it ? Look , there is no trunk and we do not need an Express man . Lady ... I am a very patient man - patient as the day is long . Now , there comes a time when it 's time for even the most patient of men to get wore out . I am about wore out , lady . Where 's the trunk ? For the last time , there is no trunk . We don 't need an Express man . All right . I 'll find it for myself . Mister ... If you 'll just go away , I 'll pay you for your time . Hey ... hey ! I knew it ! And you said that you didn 't have a trunk . Mister ... Ah , tut , tut , tut . There 's no need to apologize . It happens to me all the time . It 's a crate . It 's not a trunk . A crate , a trunk , it 's no matter . The important thing is we found it . It 's not to be shipped ! Oh , lady , your memory 's more stubborn than any other case I ever saw in me life . But I 'll have it out of here before you can say ... Bring him over here . Fancy meeting you here . You 're amazing . No one else could have gotten out alive like you did . It was nothing . The crate - getting ready to ship it out ? I 'll bet I can guess the route it 's going to take . An oceangoing vessel , going where , Cluny ? Try Prussia . I was born in Saarbruchen . I owe allegiance only to Prussia . France was lucky enough to be the first to isolate Franconium , but Prussia will be the one to exploit it for national good . That explains a lot . But what about your uncle ? Sentimental idiot . He was for France , huh ? Where does , uh , old Ironfoot fit in ? Let 's just say he has a talent for kicking . Zeigen sie ihm ihren Fuesse . Artificial legs . A train accident . And now I think there 's nothing left to talk about . Everything 's all neat and tidied up , is it not , Jim ? I can 't think of anything else . Use your gun . You 're not afraid of me . You don 't need a gun , do you ? Don 't listen to him . You 're not going to listen to her . You 're a man , aren 't you ? Come on . Shoot him ! Shoot him ! You 're a dreamer , Cluny . He isn 't going to let anything interfere with his pleasures . Give me that gun . I 'll shoot him . Take a look below you when you get the chance . Remember , I told you this used to be a tanning factory . It was a simple matter to reactivate the tanning tank . Corrosive lye - and all of it for you when he gets through with you . You should have taken the bullet when you had the chance . My hair is perhaps a bit out of place ? I have a smudge on my nose ? No . No , for a moment , there was an uncanny resemblance . Please forgive me . I am Cecile , the Consul - General 's secretary . Oh , my name is ... James West . I know . May I ? I brought in the flowers and the vase myself , Monsieur West . Are you interested in flowers , or a bomb ? I 've lost my taste for flowers . I never did care much for bombs . Believe me , sir . I have never even been to ... Nonsense . You did a fascinating paper on the libration of the moon . How can you be so absent-minded ? All right . The libration of the moon . Monsieur . I 'm overcome with happiness to be able to announce that France 's great national treasure has been recovered intact for her and for the world . Distinguished guests , dear friends ... in this felicitous moment , I must make a special declaration of gratitude . After the theater , supper at Le Grange , and after that ... But there is my assistant . I cannot leave her . By a very fortunate coincidence , I just happen to have another pair of theater tickets with me . Hello . The Yankee - formidable .
