 A pity - he whistled so beautifully . My lovely mother - the good Lord rest her - was particularly fond of that melody . She worshipped music - a saint in a world so imperfect . Now , Voltaire , put me over there , if you would be so good . Did you buy me a peashooter ? Uh-huh . Might I see it , please ? Oh , charming . And now the jewel box . So tiny and yet so powerful . Just imagine , merely six of these could destroy a whole city block - a pea bag full , an entire city . Now , hold it gently , Voltaire . We don 't want to be blown to kingdom come . No , don 't ... don 't ... don 't be afraid . Just think of it as if it were no more than an ordinary pebble . Now , watch . In a few moments , Professor Neilsen will be coming down that gangplank - too far away for us , alas , but he will be coming closer with each step , until finally he gets into range , and that will be the end of Professor Neilsen . And with this ... I can 't possibly miss . Do I look like Professor Neilsen ? Oh , come on , Jim , you 're really not going through with this . I think glasses give me a rather distinguished look , don 't you , Artemus ? You 're setting yourself up as a clay pigeon , an open target . We can 't take any chances with the professor . He 's as hot as his invention . Fine , then let 's give him a bodyguard of armed men until we can get him and his papers delivered to Washington . No . We have to bring into the open whoever is after the professor . Now , if you 'll excuse me , he 's waiting for me in his cabin . All right , you make your point . But I 'm not letting you out of my sight . Oh , yes , you are . Uh-uh . You 've got to check out the railroad station . I 'm going to take the professor and his secretary to the hotel , and then we 're going to leave in the morning as scheduled . Will you at least let me escort you to the carriage ? You worry too much , Artemus . Now , get moving . It 's not you I 'm worried about . I just don 't like to break in a whole new partner . Come on , Neilsen . If there 's anything I can 't stand , it 's a dawdler . You ready to go to shore , Professor Neilsen ? But , Mr. West , you 're not Professor Neilsen . I am now , Miss Lundquist . At least for the next few hours . Well , why the masquerade ? There are people who would like to stop the professor from working for my government . So , Mr. West , the Secret Service man , is now Professor Neilsen , and I am his butler . Shall we go ? We sent the luggage ashore , except for your hatbox , Professor . You 'd better give me a few seconds to look around . Yes , sir . Now , Voltaire , the glass pellet . That 's not Professor Neilsen . Don 't worry , I 'm not going to bite it . Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers . There he is with the hatbox . The carriage is this way , sir . Excuse me , Miss . Oh ... Oh , my yarn . Away , Voltaire , away . That 'll be all , thank you ... for now . Yes , sir . You feeling all right ? Why would anyone want to hurt the professor ? He was so kind . You been his secretary for long ? Five years . I just can 't believe he 's dead . I felt so close to him . You may be closer than you know . Whoever killed the professor may be itchy about you , too . Lock your door . You mean I 'm in danger ? Well , maybe in more ways than one . All I can be is killed . That 's no way to die . Can you suggest a better way ? Well , we could try the restaurant downstairs . Well , just give me a chance to freshen up . I 'll be in the next room . You 're not to leave here without telling me . Nowhere without telling you - I promise , Mr. West . For you . Mr. West ? It 's me , Miss Lundquist ... uh , Greta . I 'm , uh , still too upset for dinner . I was wondering if , after I change , we could take a short walk first . Of course , Miss Lundquist . A walk should be very healthy for both of us . What 'll you do now ? Where will you go ? I don 't know . I ... I have nobody , nothing . Oh , yes , you do . You 've got me . Let 's just call it " protective custody . " How protective is protective custody , Mr. West ? Greta ? Greta ! What do they think this is , hunting season ? Well , you 'd look pretty funny stuffed over a mantelpiece . Get in . Don 't touch that ! As a matter of fact , I 'd be very careful with that whole armrest if I were you . Specially designed coach , which I made just for your use , James . I 'll brief you on it later , if you live that long . Now , what about Neilsen ? When Neilsen told Washington he had discovered the most powerful explosive known to man , we thought he was the only one that had the secret . Obviously wrong now . The man that killed him must have it , too . And he 's going to be very unhappy unless he 's the only one that keeps it . He 's unhappy about you , James . With you walking around , there 's always a danger that you might foul him up . He 'd like to see you dead before you find out who he is . It 's not my life I 'm worried about , Artemus . With an explosive like that in the wrong hands , one man - just one man - could bring a whole nation to its knees . What happened to you ? Oh , I was , uh , frightened . I ran to get help . Like an undertaker ? No , I ... I could see you were in trouble . I didn 't want you to get hurt . Not to be made a monkey of . Oh , I 'm so relieved . That makes two of us . Going someplace ? Yes , this place frightens me . I just want to go someplace and hide . Now , hiding out can be pretty lonely . Remember your promise not to go anyplace ... without me ? Yes , I know , but , uh ... I think it 's better if I go alone . What if I told you the professor gave me his secret before we got off the ship ? That 's not possible . The professor didn 't tell anybody . I 've got it in a nice , safe , comfortable place . Well then , why come to me with your papers ? I 'm not interested in them , your government is . Except I don 't want to share the papers with my government . But I might ... with your friend . What friend ? I don 't have any friends here . Too bad . Well ... I guess I 'll just have to shop around to the highest bidder . France , Prussia , England - makes no difference . Mr. West . It 's such a foolish request . It 's like a death wish . My friend ... can be very angry . He loves his privacy . He might even be angry with me for bringing you . Trust me . He can be very dangerous . I can take care of both of us . Yes , I think you can . Suddenly I 'm being convinced , my smavarmt . Smavarmt ? That means a nice little warm dish . You know , to nibble on before the main course . Dinner will have to wait . My coach is waiting . We 'll use my driver , darling . Your driver . Now take me to your killer . It 's all right , Voltaire . Thanks . This is the doctor 's regular hour at the game room , but he should be finished by now . Oh , it would be so easy . Pop , pop . Thank you very much . I 'm ever so grateful . Ah , Greta , you 've done what I was unable to do . You 've brought Mr. West ... but with one serious oversight . You 've brought him alive . However ... Welcome , sir , welcome . I 'm Dr. Miguelito Loveless . Somehow I have the feeling you know all about me . Oh , my , yes . But then , I 'm a man of huge curiosity . I love to pry into things . I have almost a loathing for unanswered questions . And you , just by being here , raise the most fascinating questions in my mind . Oh , won 't you sit down , please ? Greta , will you pour ? That 's lovely , Antoinette . She has such a delicate touch , you know , like tickling . Milk , Mr. West ? No , thank you . Oh , plenty of sugar in mine , please , Greta . You know , that 's one thing I have no hypocrisies about - my pleasures . No man does , darling . You admire my music salon , Mr. West ? Well , as much as I can see of it . Oh , how tactful you can be . Well , at the risk of my being tactless , I don 't think Greta 's charms - considerable though they may be - were sufficient to bring you here . Greta is impulsive - yes , passionately so - but she 's not stupid . What wiles did you play on her ? Professor Neilsen 's secret . Well , I admire your courage . The way you expose yourself to danger - like last night , when you put yourself in Professor Neilsen 's place coming off the boat , and the way you 've come here unarmed . You are unarmed , aren 't you ? Would you like to search me ? Oh , no . I never subject my visitors to such indignities . It 's never gentlemanly or necessary . Yes , I can see that . I thought so . Now , you were saying something about Professor Neilsen 's secret . Oh , there 's a fly in my tea . Oh , poor fellow . You know , uh , poor Professor Neilsen really was a second-rate chemist . After fumbling about for ten years , he finally stumbled onto the secret , while I took three months from my other projects , three whole months of my valuable time , mind you , to invent it ... then , after all that trouble , found that Professor Neilsen was planning to sell it to Washington . Don 't worry , you 're going to be all right . So , can you blame me for being quite peeved , Mr. West ? I understood that Professor Neilsen was going to work with the government , perfecting it for peaceful purposes . Peaceful purposes ! An explosive like that in the hands of politicians and generals ? What kind of peace can you expect from the likes of them ? They 're vermin - they ought to be exterminated , every one of them . Oh , all right , I hear you . You 'll be all right . Oh , that was lovely , Antoinette . ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring me little water now ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Every little once in a while ¶ ¶ Bring it in a bucket , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring it in a bucket now ¶ ¶ Bring it in a bucket , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Every little once in a while ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring me little water now ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Every little once in a while ¶ ¶ Bring it in a bucket , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring it in a bucket now ¶ ¶ Bring it in a bucket , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Every little once in a while ¶ ¶ Sylvie , Sylvie , I 'm so hot and dry ¶ ¶ Sylvie , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring me little water ¶ ¶ Can 't you hear me calling ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring me little water now ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Every little once in a while ¶ ¶ She brought me plenty coffee ¶ ¶ She brought me plenty tea ¶ ¶ She brought me almost every darn thing ¶ ¶ But she didn 't bring the jailhouse key , Lord , Lord ¶ ¶ Didn 't bring the jailhouse key ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Bring me little water now ¶ ¶ Bring me little water , Sylvie ¶ ¶ Every little once in a while . ¶ Oh , that was lovely , Antoinette . Thank you . Miguelito is really very tender-hearted . Sometimes he is like a child . Sometimes he is a saint . I love to make beautiful things , Mr. West ... with my voice , with my hands , with my brain . Someday I 'll show you some of them in my laboratory , if you 're still around . I 'll make it a point to be . Now , you were saying something about the professor 's so-called secret . I have them . He gave me the papers . Hmm . At last , a small light begins to glow in the dark corners of my benighted mind . And , Mr. West ? And ... I 'm not the idealist the professor was . Ah , a realist . Practical . Practicality , my dear sir , is the last refuge of the mediocre , not you . A pragmatist , perhaps . A pragmatist spelled m-o-n-e-y . Oh , of course , and the precious document is in the hands of a trusted friend , with orders to turn it over to the proper authorities , should anything untoward happen to you . That 's the general idea , mm-hmm . James West , trusted Secret Service man , a turncoat . It boggles the brain ! Why ? Of course , they do pay poorly , and you 're hoping I can be more generous . You or , uh , some foreign government . You mean you would sell this remarkable invention to a foreign government for money ? I 'm ashamed of you . I 'd prefer to sell my papers to you . You know , I have an enormous amount of faith in human nature . But then all faith must have a little doubt mixed in , don 't you think ? Otherwise it 's just flabby sentimentality . So you will permit me a small doubt , Mr. West ? Go ahead . A small test of your loyalty and then perhaps we can negotiate . Agreed ? Agreed . I want you to take a message to the governor - something I 've had in mind for many weeks now . Your status as a Secret Service man may serve to impress upon him the enormous importance of this message . I 'm beginning to enjoy this already . Mr. West , you may be a godsend after all . What 's the message ? All this ... once belonged to my grandmother , Doña María Concepción de Vega , and to her brothers and to their wives . I am the only one of her descendants left . The Spanish crown took it , and now that the state of California owns it , I want it back . But the state refuses to return it - piracy . It 's mostly desert . Even if they did give it back to you , what would you want with it ? I only want to do good - not for myself , for children . I want to build a kingdom for children to grow , to be strong and healthy in a world without pain . And if the governor refuses ? It 's up to you to convince him , Mr. West . I already have planted explosives in this city that will kill 5,000 people tomorrow night and an additional 5,000 every week after that until he agrees . It 's in your hands , my dear friend . Here is the governor , Mr. West . Governor , I 'm sorry to interrupt your party , sir . Well , the government before state , Mr. West . What can I do for you ? Well , what I have to tell you isn 't going to be easy to swallow . Try me . 5,000 people in this city are going to be blown up . Five thou ... Uh , Mr. West , do all Secret Service men drink on duty ? Governor , I said 5,000 people are going to be killed . Governor , you forgot your wine - our wine . And you promised me the next waltz . Why , um ... Uh , uh ... why ... Why don 't you lovely ladies go inside and wait for me and I 'll ... I 'll be along in just a moment , huh ? Go ahead . There 's a powerful explosive hidden somewhere in the city timed to go off tonight . And who is going to perform this miraculous deed ? A scientist named Dr. Loveless . Why ? He feels he 's been robbed of half the state , and he wants you to give it back to him . And you expect me to do this ? No . I expect you to give me 25 men to surround his estate , so no one can get out to set off the explosion . Well , surround him ? Well ... well , why not just go in and take this madman ? Anyone that tried would be blown up . The place is mined . Miss Piecemeal ... get me a pen and some paper , please . Mr. West ... this is an authorization to the commander of the state army . Miss Piecemeal , will you affix the state seal to that , please ? Good luck . Thank you , Governor . Are you always this amusing ? I do the best I can . Why don 't you find me amusing ? Because you 're 80 % water . Mr. West . The good doctor calls . My coach , gentlemen ? Marcia , lovely . How are you ? How did you enjoy your breakfast this morning , darling ? Hmm ? Excuse me , lovely . I know the governor is an idiot , but I had wanted to give him a chance , and you , Mr. West . But you betrayed me . Now , whatever am I going to do with you ? Is there any question in your mind ? Oh , the explosive will go off as planned . You could have prevented it , but you chose to betray me . Me - of all people , me . Now , look about you , Mr. West . I promised to show you these things one day . This little invention of mine may seem like a fairy tale to you , but with this I can project and receive voices and music through the air . Just think of the pleasure and enlightenment this can bring to countless people . And this ... To anyone else , this would seem only like mold , bread mold . But this is a medicine so potent that with it one can begin to conquer all illness , Mr. West . And over there , a machine that one day will travel over roads by its own power , and there , a machine that will fly through the air . Yes . All these things I built for a better world , Mr. West . And you wanted to stop all this by trying to go to the police . I just can 't believe it . Come . My explosive . With this I can move mountains and change the course of rivers , blast channels for the waters of life to flow into dry deserts . I can make a world without blemish , where children can grow up in beauty . Oh , how I hate any twisted thing , Mr. West . I 've lived so long with pain , I no longer feel it . It 's time to go into the city . I 'll have Greta bring you some supper . What 's to stop me from just walking out of here ? I do admire your courage . By 12 : 00 tonight , 5,000 people will be dead because you betrayed me . The blood of 5,000 people on your hands . I want you to realize this terrible thing you 've done . I want you to suffer . After you 've suffered enough , you will beg me for death . I brought you some supper . I can 't use my hands . Are you going to let me out of here ? No . I 'm going to feed you . Like this . Excuse my fingers . They 're beautiful fingers . Nice little warm dish before the main course . Naughty . More , please . You like my smavarmt ? Mmm ... I love your smavarmt . It 's been lonely here with Miguelito . It 's going to be a lot lonelier after I 'm dead . I know . It isn 't fair to a beautiful woman like you . You know some women die early from being unloved ? I know what you 're trying to do . You want me to let you out . But even if I wanted to , I couldn 't - I don 't have a key . There 's a pencil in my coat pocket . Get it . No . After I 'm dead , it may be a long time before another man comes along . Get it , Greta , get the pencil . No . I 'm the lucky one , Greta - he 's going to kill me , but you still have to go on living here . Beautiful face will wrinkle , those lovely hands will wither , and your heart will shrink from loneliness . Poor Greta ... an old woman ... and unloved . This is your only chance for love , Greta . That 's what you want , isn 't it ? Just turn it . That 's it ... Now , put the drill right here . Right here , Greta . That 's it . The guards are watching . Keep drilling and feed me . Where did Dr. Loveless hide the explosive ? In the , uh , clock tower in a church next to the governor 's mansion . Where are the stables ? Near the east wing . I 'm almost finished . There ... it 's cut . Take the tray and leave . Don 't worry , you 'll be all right ; I 'll come back for you . The great Jim West . Pretty , isn 't he ? Yeah . You ? Now , that bullet will go right through me and detonate these bottles . Besides , you don 't have the heart for killing someone like me . I don 't . But if it 's a choice between you and 5,000 people , I 'll pull this trigger . Now , don 't be a fool , Mr. West . I can go right through that window and down the rain gutter . There are only a few minutes left . You go near that window and I 'll shoot you . Take the wires off those bottles . No . I said take the wires off those bottles . You can 't make me . Then we 'll wait here together . Oh , I , for one , am not afraid to die , Mr. West , not in the very least . That 's my walking stick . Now , you leave that alone ! Only a minute to go , Mr. West . Oh , careful you don 't fall , Mr. West . Less than a minute to go , Mr. West . That 's the striking mechanism of the clock you hear winding up now . Less than a minute to go now . On the 12th stroke of midnight , everything goes . Darn you ! Come on ! Oh , start . Start ! Drat it ! Start ! Oh , start . Start ! Seven ... Eight ... You meddler ! You interfering meddler ! You ... vile ... egregious ... Secret Service man ! Oh , Artemus , there you are . Yes . We were just about to have a late supper . Yes , so I notice . Everything go all right ? Oh , fine , fine . He 's in jail . Strange , little , sensitive man . You know , he walked into that cell carrying just one thing - this oddly shaped glass tube . Couldn 't get it out of his hands . Oh , yes , that 's another of his inventions . What was it ? I don 't know . Kept saying that , given enough time , he could send pictures through the air , catch them in that tube . Have you ever heard of anything that silly ? Supper . Oh , good . What is it ? Smorgasbord . My favorite food . Wonderful . You know ... the one thing about smorgasbord ... it 's marvelous ...
