 [ theme music plays ] [ chanting in foreign language ] [ groaning ] [ howling ] [ child screaming ] [ chanting continues ] [ groaning ] [ groans , shouts inaudibly ] [ tapping ] [ howling ] [ howling ] [ grunting ] [ groaning ] [ grunts , shouts inaudibly ] [ howling continues ] [ howling ] [ child screaming ] [ shouting in sleep ] No , not me ! [ screaming continues ] Leave me alone ! Leave me alone ! No ! No ! No ! [ groaning ] [ grunting ] [ cackling ] [ woman ] Max . [ cackling ] Max . Oh , Max . Was I shouting ? Screaming . Oh , I 'm sorry , darling . I wonder what it 's like to have a ... nice , quiet , peaceful night 's sleep . Oh , don 't ask me . Don 't worry about it . Max ... You must see somebody about these dreams . There 's nothing to see about . Everybody dreams . But you don 't get enough sleep . Please , Max . Talk to somebody at the hospital . You 're not gonna lie and wait brooding about it for the rest of the night , are you ? It 's all right . Was it the same dream ? Yes , more or less . It 's something to do with Jimmy , isn 't it ? Yes , it could be . Always seems to be a child crying in the dream . I suppose after all those nights hearing the poor thing crying hour after hour I shouldn 't be surprised at having nightmares . I don 't suppose either of us could expect life to be quite the same after- - Don 't worry , darling . Just try and get some sleep . [ doorbell rings ] Who the devil is that ? Somebody from the hospital , perhaps ? Surely they 'd phone at this time of night . [ doorbell rings again ] [ coughs ] Oh . Sorry to disturb you , sir . - You 're a doctor , aren 't you ? - Ah , yes but- - Well I was just passing by here and I see this bloke collapse beside your car . Think he 's a tramp but he seems to be in a pretty bad way . Oh , we 'd better bring him in here . Oh , thanks . It 's all right . I can handle him . [ policeman ] Through here , sir , is it ? Ah , yes . Through there . Thank you . - Can you manage ? - Oh , yeah . He 's not much more than skin and bone . Oh , you better put him down there . [ strained ] There we are , old chap . You 're from the University Hospital , aren 't you , sir ? Yes , but- - I saw the sticker on your car windscreen . Yes . Bit of a mess , isn 't he ? Starvation is it , sir ? Well , he hasn 't exactly been living it up but ... he 's eaten something quite recently . Oh , yeah . If I could use your phone , sir , I think ought to phone the County Infirmary . Yes , you 'll find it over- - No , wait a minute . It can 't be . Max , what 's happened ? Oh , it 's just a man taken ill on the streets . Get a couple of blankets , darling , will you ? Yeah . I think we ought to get on the infirmary , sir . Constable . You 've never seen this man before ? No , sir . Why ? Or perhaps you better get him into my hospital , at least it 's nearer . Well ... [ dialling ] Hello . Dr. Harrow here . Yes , could you tell me who the duty registrar is tonight ? Would you put me through to him right away ? Thank you . [ ringing ] - Yes ? - Hello , Gordon . Max here . Max , what are you doing at this time of the night- - Now , listen carefully , Gordon . I 'm perfectly sane and sober but I 'm gonna tell you something that 's well , quite unbelievable . A man just collapsed outside my house . - Uh-huh . - Now , look , Gordon ... this man is suffering from heterochylia . What ? Well , Max , that 's ridiculous . I know it 's a snap decision but everything tallies , the skin , the smell , the ... eyes , the ... teeth . What age is he ? Well it 's difficult to say 50 , 60 . 50 or 60 ? Max , you know as well as I do- - Now , look , Gordon I think I know the disease my own son died of . Now , look , just a minute , Max . Max . Heterochylia in an adult , well it 's as near as damn it impossible . Now , Gordon , try and wangle an ambulance round here - right away to pick him up . - Yes . All right . When you get him , do the routine tests on him , I 'll be down right away . Oh , and let the prof know . Yes , yes . All right , Max . I 'll do the tests . Goodbye . All right , thanks . Doesn 't look as though he 's washed for months . Yes . Pongs a bit , doesn 't he ? [ tramp groans ] What is that ? What did he say ? [ indistinct speech ] I couldn 't make it out . Sounds a bit foreign to me . Perhaps he 's gypsy . What is it ? Where do you come from ? No , you 're not gonna get much out of him , sir . Why the devil did he come here ? What do you mean ? I thought you said he 'd collapsed outside . Max , what 's wrong with him ? Now don 't worry , darling . Go back to bed , please . Oh , and , Constable , there 's no need for you to wait . There 's an ambulance on its way . Just a minute sir . He 's got something here . - What 's that ? - I don 't know yet . He 's hanging on to it like grim death . - Oh , yes , here we are . - Let me see . Well it ... It looks like a bit of bone . I see . Yes , it 's a phalanx . What 's that , sir ? It 's part of a human finger bone . I 'm not interested in what you think is going on inside the research station . It 's army property , we can 't have people going around slapping paint all over the walls . I 'll have to report this to the university authorities . [ phone ringing ] Get their names for me , Peters . Grampian Road Police Station . Yes . Who is that speaking ? Yes . Yes , Dr. Scoreman . And what time was this ? Your front garden ? And you didn 't see him again last night ? I 'll send someone around right away . Good morning , Dr. Harrow . - Very early today , sir . - Yes . - You washed his stomach out ? - Yes , sir . Appears he 'd had a large helping of fish and chips . As soon as we got some glucose into him , he seemed to improve . They 're going to send all his notes and reports to my room . I may teach on him this morning . And of course , let me know if there 's any sign - of returning consciousness . - Yes , sir . Perhaps you 'd organise a student , would you ? Yes , Doctor . Erm ... Did you say that Harrow said he collapsed outside his house ? Yes , apparently , sir . Doesn 't that strike you as rather odd ? One of half a dozen doctors in this country who 'd recognise that disease . Quite a coincidence , you know . There you are , Max . How is he , Gordon ? Well , he 's unconscious but alive . You know , frankly , when you rang and told me , I thought you 'd gone round the bend , but it looks like you may be right . All the tests confirm it . Oh . What does the old man say ? ln his guarded way , he agrees . Well , does he think he 'll make it ? He shouldn 't be alive now by all the rules . We washed his stomach out , you know . He must have been scoffing fish and chips , that 's what had knocked him out . The extraordinary thing is that apart from being three-quarters starved , it doesn 't look as if the heterochylia has ever given him any really bad trouble . Hmm . If we could only find out how he 's managed to survive . Has he talked ? Any idea who he is ? No , except ... What ? Well , he did come round for a few minutes after we 'd washed his stomach out and got some glucose into him . He muttered a few words , but they seemed to be in some sort of foreign language , I couldn 't get any of it . If I hadn 't seen him myself , I wouldn 't have thought him possible . Oh , by the way , I forgot ... found this on him . Oh , what 's that ? It looks like a bit of flint . - Flint ? - Yes . It was stuffed down inside his boot . - It 's covered in blood . - Yes , I know . I suppose he must have used it to gut a stolen chicken or something like that . Anyway , I 've got more to do than solve the problem of your tramp . If you ask her nicely , Sister may give you some coffee . Looks like you had a rough night . Oh , Gordon , can I see him ? Yes , he 's in Ward B but I think the Prof 's teaching on him at the moment . I 'll see you later . All these diseases are caused by a high level of radiation , which has been a problem for some time now . This is one of the latest to be described . Essentially , heterochylia is caused by radiation damage to a particular gene . The metabolic pathways are disturbed and food which would normally be perfectly wholesome becomes highly toxic due to some aberration in the digestive process , some change in the enzymes whereby ingested fat is transferred from the small intestine to the bloodstream . This man displays all the typical superficial signs . There 's the very thin , very unhealthy skin , the roughened tongue and the jaundiced condition of the eyes . Now , unless you can isolate and identify the particular dangerous fat , and remember , gentlemen , that an infant can be poisoned by its own mother 's milk , the consequences will be cretinism , paralysis and death . I would have said the inevitable consequences had this case not been brought to my notice . So you can see that he 's of singular interest and importance to us . And that 's why I 've brought him to your notice . And that , gentlemen , will be all for today . Good morning . Oh , Max , I wanted a word with you . Sister , you will let Dr. Harrow know if there 's the slightest change in his condition , won 't you ? - Yes , sir . - Thank you , Sister . Well , Max , you 're making quite a reputation for yourself , aren 't you ? - Oh , really sir ? - Of course you are . Chances are thousands to one against any out of touch GPU diagnosing that correctly . If you hadn 't known , the fat from that fish and chips would have killed him if it 'd gone to his digestive process . You know ... it almost looks as if he was making for your place . He couldn 't possibly have heard about- - Oh , I 'm sorry , Max . Surely sir , this case doesn 't make sense . I mean , one glass of milk , one piece of bread and butter , any of these things would have killed him before he was two years old . Right . Thanks . Do you think we can keep him going now , sir ? Well , I don 't see why not . Have a word with the dietician and , of course , keep a very careful check on the protein . Oh , yes , Sister , that 's all , please . Not more than one or at most two grams at first . And keep the intravenous glucose going . It really is a most extraordinary case . Well , what 's even more extraordinary is how he contracted the disease . Excuse me , sir . There 's a Sergeant Cloudby waiting to see you . I 'm far too busy to see him . I gather it 's about the tramp , sir . Oh , that 's your baby now . You look after him . I 've got a lecture at twelve . Send him in . [ Harrow coughs ] Good morning , Professor . Good morning . I 'm Dr. Harrow . Oh . Oh , good . I wanted to have a word with you . Sergeant Cloudby . Grampian Road Police Station . It 's about the tramp our constable found early this morning outside your house . I believe he was brought here . Yes , that 's right . He 's in the next ward . Did he by any chance have a knife on him ? Well , I don 't think ... . Well , yes , he might have done . Why ? We had a telephone call from a Dr. Scoreman . Oh , that 's right . He lives quite near us . Yes . That 's right sir . Well his Alsatian dog which he lets out last thing before going to bed didn 't come in as usual last night . And his wife found it this morning hidden under some bushes with its throat cut . Did you know about this , sir ? No . No , I didn 't . From what we know of his movements , it seems it might be the same man . Earlier in the evening , he was seen in a fish and chip shop about five miles away . Yes , that 's right . We know about the fish and chips , that 's what caused his collapse . He 's ... suffering from a rather rare disease . Is that so , sir ? It occurred to me that perhaps he was looking for a doctor to help him and he didn 't dare go into Dr. Scoreman 's after the dog incident . But there 's nothing outside my house to show I 'm a doctor . Besides he couldn 't have seen the windscreen of my car from the roadway . Yes , I see , sir . It is odd . [ beeping ] [ intercom ringing ] Dr. Harrow , Sister on Ward B wants you . All right . Put her through , will you ? Dr. Harrow , I thought you 'd like to know that Dr. Faulkner 's patient is regaining consciousness . All right . I 'll be along right away . - This way , Sergeant . - Fine . [ groaning ] Screens , Nurse . [ agitated groaning ] All right , all right . I 'm not going to hurt you . How are you feeling ? Well , how is he , Gordon ? He hasn 't spoken yet . - Oh , this is Sergeant Cloudby . - Hello , Sergeant . Seems this fellow may have killed Dr. Scoreman 's dog . You know , in Bredelbane Avenue . What ? That Alsatian ? He 's just a skin and bone . How on earth could he do that ? Judging from the mess , he probably had a knife or something . Knife ? Do you mean that bit of flint we found stuck down his boot ? - Flint ? - Yes . It 's covered in blood . I 've got it in my room . No , Gordon . I 've got it here . May I , sir ? Yes , I see . Pretty primitive weapon . [ gurgling , indistinct speech ] Do you speak English ? English ? [ loud groaning ] Nobody 's going to hurt you . Do you understand what I 'm saying ? [ indistinct speech ] Doesn 't look as if you 're going to get very far , Sergeant . Couldn 't be a foreigner , could he , sir ? He could be anything , I suppose . How does a man be a tramp in this country without speaking the language ? [ gurgling , hissing ] I think we better let him rest . He 's still pretty weak . If we learn anything more about him , - we 'll get in touch , Sergeant . - Thank you very much , sir . Oh , can I hang onto this ? Thank you very much , sir . Let us know if he starts talking sense , Sister . - Yes , Doctor . - This way , Sergeant . [ background chatter ] Excuse me . Oh , I 'm sorry , darling . - Have you been waiting long ? - No , not long . Scotch , please . Oh , what 's this ? An accident at the atomic plant . There was another leakage . They say nobody 's been contaminated this time . Yes . I wonder . Max . Did you hear about Scoreman 's dog ? Huh ? Oh , yes , the police came to the hospital this morning , apparently it was the tramp . The tramp ? Thank goodness he collapsed before he did any real harm . Yes . He 's a very sick man . Oh , thanks . I 'm sorry . - Do you want a- - - No , thank you . You , er ... You know what he 's got ? No . The same thing that killed Jimmy . Surely that 's impossible . Well the Prof confirms it . Says he can 't believe it either . Nobody knows where he came from or how he 's managed to stay alive until now . Something even crazier , the police think that he came on to my place to ask for help , but why ? I 've just driven round . There are half a dozen doctors near us , and it 's my place he makes for . As the Prof says , the ... one doctor in a thousand who could spot his trouble and save his life . But how could a man as weak as that manage to kill an Alsatian dog ? With a sort of flint knife . That 's all he had . - It 's unbelievable . - Darling , you look exhausted . You must try and get some rest . I 'll be all right . Did you decide to talk to somebody about your dreams ? No , I 've been too busy . It doesn 't matter to me , but I can see what these nightmares are doing to you , and it 's about time your saw it yourself . After all , what use are you going to be to your patients if you don 't do something about it ? If you stopped nagging me about it , that might help too . - Hello , Max . - Oh , hello , sir . Hey , Max . Something wrong ? Nothing in particular , just this . Who 's that with Leach ? Isn 't that Fitzprior ? Who is he ? Her Majesty 's Secretary of State for War ? None other . He 's an old friend of the Prof The university have just given him an honorary degree . What on earth is he doing here then ? Well that knee of his is giving him trouble evidently . He fractured his knee cap during the war and it 's still cracked . Obviously , gives him a lot of pain so he 's having the patella removed . - Oh , I wish it was his head . - Oh , come on , Max . That 's a bit unnecessary . What 's the trouble , Max ? Oh , I don 't know , partly , it 's Diana . You know she 's been very upset since Jimmy died and ... I haven 't been able to do much to help . And partly , it 's that tramp . Can 't seem to get him out of my mind . Now , look Gordon , don 't you think he ought to be in a private room ? I 've tried . But the only one available is reserved for our old friend the War Minister . Oh , well , that 's charming , isn 't it ? The murderer can get a room , one of his victims can 't . Oh , come off it , Max . That tramp isn 't a victim of nuclear testing . Now , look , Gordon , all these congenital metabolic disorders are caused by radiation damage to the developing embryo . And it 's swine like him that put the radiation there . Flaming nuclear firework shows . But 50 or 60 years ago there weren 't any tests going on . - Then how did he get it ? - I don 't know . But this may be our chance to find out . Good old logical , four-square Gordon . You 've had a bellyful , haven 't you , Max ? You know , you should have had a few weeks off after the boy died . Perhaps even changed your job . You don 't shake it off that easily , Gordon . [ intercom rings ] Dr. Harrow , he 's beginning to talk . He just said something to me . [ mumbling ] [ fragmented speech ] What did you say ? [ indistinct speech ] Can you make anything of this , Max ? No . Do you speak English ? [ groans ] It 's all right , we 're not gonna hurt you . What is your name ? Let me have try . Me ... me Harrow ... Harrow . He is Faulkner . Faulkner . Harrow , Harrow . [ muffled , gurgled ] Har-row . Yes , yes , Harrow . Him , Faulkner . [ muffled , gurgled ] For-gher-ner . Yes , yes , Faulkner . You ? You ? Smiffershon . Smiffer-shon ? Smiffershon . Sounds vaguely Scandinavian . Try him with a few things . Ask him what his word for cup is . Look this , this cup , this cup . - Cup . - Yes . You , this , you . Now , look , this ... This chair . This chair . - Chair . - Chair . Now , you , this . You . Whatever language he speaks , they must have words for things like cups or chairs . Yes , I wonder . This , what is this ? Ki-yun . This , ki-yun ? Ki-yun . This blanket ? Blanket . Ki-yun . [ speaks in foreign language ] You know , there 's something very odd about this language . It seems as if I 've heard it somewhere before . - Do you know what I mean ? - Yes . Look , I know a girl in the philology department . Maybe she could help . - Yes , good idea . - I 'll get on to her now . He 'd better have some skull and chest X-rays and an EEG , there may be a tumour - affecting the speech centre . - Yes , fine . Sister , can you organise the X-rays ? Yes , Doctor . You 're a mystery , aren 't you ? What 's the matter ? What are you trying- - [ giggles ] What ? Finger ? My finger ? What are you trying to say ? Why were you carrying that finger bone ? It 's something to do with me , isn 't it ? Well , what ? Tell me ... What ? [ maniacal cackling ] Dinner will be ready in a moment . Well , don 't worry about me . But I 've cooked it . Well , I 'm not hungry . I wish you 'd told me that before I 'd started cooking . All right , I 'm sorry but ... I don 't want anything to eat . We 're supposed to go over to the Scoremans ' afterwards for coffee . Are we ? Well , they 're your friends as well as mine . Well , then phone them , tell them I 've got some work to do . You phone . Look , Di , I 've got a lot on my mind so don 't keep on about Scoremans . Why shouldn 't I ? Just because this blasted tramp has come into your life , everything else goes out by the board . Coffee with the Scoremans is hardly everything else in life . And the tramp is , I suppose ? No , but he happens to be pretty important if we 're gonna find out any more about heterochylia . I know , I know . Any more about hetero-blasted-chylia . Well , I know all I want to know about that particular disease . Don 't you realise that he knew how to stay alive with it ? And he 's getting better on the fat-free diet that we 're giving him . If we 'd known what he knows about heterochylia , Jimmy wouldn 't have died . Doesn 't that matter ? Anyway , there 's more to it than that . What ? It 's hard to understand , this tramp means something more . It wasn 't just chance that brought him here , carrying that finger bone . What do you mean ? It 's as if he slipped out of one of my nightmares . Max , don 't be ridiculous . Oh , I don 't mean it literally . I don 't know , maybe I do , but I just know that that tramp means something special to me . But how can he ? You don 't know him . You don 't even know where he 's come from . Yes , that 's what frightens me . Where does he come from ? Morning , Max . - This is Dr. Danville . - Hmm ? The philologist I was telling you about . - Oh , how do you do ? - How do you do ? - I didn 't expect you here so early . - Oh . Is this the mystery man ? Yes , that 's him . You 're quite sure it isn 't just some sort of speech impediment ? Well , no , not absolutely sure . - Can I take that ? - Yes . Careful . What was this word that you- - What was the word you mentioned for blanket ? - What the devil was it ? - Ki-yun . - Ki-yun . - Ki-yun ? Ki-yun ? Os ki-yun . Now your name is Smiffershon . Os omin Smiffershon . [ speaks in foreign language , Laura repeats ] It 's pretty obviously Indo-European . " Omin " , you see , we assume that that means " l am " . I suppose it could be some obscure sort of Scandinavian dialect ... but I don 't think so . Well , do you think you 'll get it eventually ? Yes , can you give me an hour or two ? Yes , of course . We 'll see you later on . Omin Laura . Omin Smiffershon . [ speaks in foreign language ] [ recording of Smiffershon speaking in foreign language ] [ gasps , groans ] Cigarette . You don 't know what they are , do you ? Look . Well , any luck ? The sight of a cigarette appears to frighten the life out of him . Anything else ? Yes , quite a lot . It makes one of us seem rather crazy . - What is it ? - Just a minute . [ speaks in foreign language ] [ replies in foreign language ] He may just have understood us . So it seems . - Well that 's fantastic . - Not really . What is fantastic is the language he is speaking . Well , what is it ? It just doesn 't make sense . I 'll have to consult another opinion . Oh , now , look , this man is ill . If you know how to make contact with him , it 's of the utmost importance . We have to know the answers to certain things before we can treat him properly . Whether it makes sense to you or not doesn 't matter . But we 've got to know . All right . He 's speaking English . Oh , that 's ridiculous . Yes of course , logically it is ridiculous . But linguistically , unless I just simply don 't know my job , he is speaking English . Could you carry this for me , please ? Miss Danville . Doctor , look , how long- - Wait a minute . Do you mean that this man is suffering from some kind of mental disturbance which is- - well ... turned the language upside down ? No , I mean he 's speaking well . I can 't really call it plain English but he 's speaking our language as if it 's undergone a series of extreme changes . It 's the sort of difference between the English of Langland 's day and our own . That 's what makes it so fantastic . Now wait a minute . You mean he 's talking a derivative of English . - Is that it what you mean ? - In theory . But it doesn 't sound anything like English . I mean , that word for blanket , " ki-yun " , it has no resemblance to English . On the contrary . You see , blanket can quite easily be a synonym for the word skin . Now by drawing a mutation of the intrusive vowel , skin quite easily becomes ki-yun . But it 's impossible , these changes take place over hundreds of years . It just couldn 't happen in our modern society with radio and television . Well , what 's your explanation ? He 's your patient , Dr. Harrow . Incidentally , do you know if your tramp , Smiffershon ... Is he sane ? Well , how can we tell unless we make some sort of contact with him ? Why do you ask ? A possible explanation did strike me . I suppose he could be a philologist who 's suffered a nervous breakdown . What do you mean- - Somebody who is doing this kind of research ? Yes . That 's the only explanation that makes sense . On the other hand , I think I 'd have heard about any philologists disappearing . There aren 't so many of us around . Well , I 'll ring you tomorrow when I play the tapes to my colleagues . Well I 'm very grateful for your help . All I 've done is spread even more confusion . Oh , no . You see , there is an explanation . What ? But it makes even worse sense . George , would you mind carrying this down - to Miss Danville 's car ? - Of course , Doctor . Oh , and there your wife is waiting for you , sir . Oh . I 'll be hearing from you tomorrow . - Bye . - Bye . Di , what on earth are you doing here ? Oh , nothing , nothing at all . You were so engrossed in your lady friend . Oh , for God 's sake , Di , she 's helping us out on the Smiffershon case- - So fascinating , you completely forgot our lunch date at the Lion . Oh , no . Darling , things have been happening so fast here . Naturally , the last thing you 'd think about is having lunch with your wife . Di , it just slipped my mind . I 've been working on this case . Oh , to hell with the case . What if we can go out tonight instead ? I 'll take you to town . No , you won 't . Darling , you 're being very unreasonable . [ phone rings ] Keeping me waiting for over an hour , not even a phone call and I 'm the one who 's being unreasonable . - Dr. Scoreman , for you , sir . - Tell him I 'm busy , will you ? Yes , but Doctor- - Di . Diana ! You damn well listen to me . For goodness ' sake , leave me alone . I 'm sick of the whole thing . Why don 't you go and take her out to lunch ? [ screaming ] [ Smiffershon cackling ] [ cackling continues ] [ heavy breathing ] - How is it , Doctor ? - Lie still . I haven 't quite finished yet . It took the top off to death . Yes . I 'm afraid it did . But it probably won 't give you much trouble though . It 's a fairly clean cut . Bruised , of course , but not too badly . I 'm afraid you 've lost the terminal phalanx . Gordon , where is it ? I don 't know , we couldn 't find it . Otherwise we 'd have a shot at stitching it back on . I see , so that 's it . What did you say ? Where 's Diana ? She 's in the next room . There 's a nurse with her . She 's very upset , Max . You asked her what the row was about , I suppose ? No , of course not . It was none of my business . She saw me chatting with your friend , Laura , and came to some very unpleasant conclusions . Lie still . You 've had a nasty accident , and you 're still pretty shocked . Rest a bit and then Diana can see you home . All right , Doctor . - Dr. Faulkner . - Yes , come in . I 've got your film , Doctor . - Smiffershon ? - Yes . There 's something very odd about them . Let me see . - Let me see . - All right , Max , all right . - This is no good , it 's fogged . - I 'm afraid they all are . Mind you , we had a hell of a job getting him to keep still on the table . Yes , but that doesn 't explain fogging as bad as this . Have you checked your equipment ? As soon as I saw the film . It 's working perfectly . Let me see those damned films . - Max . - And the others ? They 're not so bad . His head wasn 't in contact with the plates so long once we quietened him down . They 're bad enough . Look at those skull bones . Brain tissues . And the heart and lungs are almost white . Yes . Wasn 't given any isotopes we weren 't told about ? No , of course , he wasn 't . You better go and lie down , Max . For God 's sake , lie down . Do you know what these pictures mean ? Yes , I know , your hopping about isn 't going to help matters . John . How many Geiger counters have we got ? - Two , as far as I know . - All right . Get them and meet me in the sister 's office on Ward B. Nurse- - And John , don 't tell anybody why . - We don 't want to start a panic . - Okay , Doc . Can you get me Professor Leach , please ? And it 's very urgent . Professor Leach , Dr. Faulkner for you . Well . Yes , Faulkner ? It 's about Smiffershon , sir . He 'll have to be moved into isolation right away . Why ? Is it infectious ? No , sir . It looks as if he 's full of strontium nitrate . How on earth has that happened ? I have no idea , sir but if the X-rays are anything to go by , he must have been camping out in the middle of a reactor . Well , get him into isolation as quick as possible and check on all his contacts . - Patients as well as staff . - Yes , of course . We 'll check every patient in the ward . Nurse , you can check - - So suddenly a room has become available . I thought the last empty one was reserved for His Right Honourable Secretary of State for War . Cut it out , Max . What 's the matter , Gordon ? Don 't you like to be reminded of the strange priorities we have in this place ? No , not at this moment . Could you go lie down , you have to be checked too . I 've got to find out about Smiffershon . Oh , blast Smiffershon . There 's another 500 people in this hospital and right now I 'm far more worried about them than I 'm about your filthy old tramp . Now get down on that bed and stay there . [ phone rings ] - Yes . - Hello . - Is that Miss Danville ? - Yes . I was wondering if you 'd had time to check with anybody else yet ? Oh , well , yes , I was going to ring him up later on . Dr. Eastman . He is the head of my department , he has listened to the tapes and he , more or less , confirms my findings . Well , what 's his explanation ? He hasn 't got one any more than I have . He thinks it might be a philologist who 's had a breakdown , but he hasn 't heard of anybody like that . ln any case , I 'd rather like to find out just how complicated this language is . Look , do you know of any archaeologist in the university ? Yes , a few . Why ? Well , I want a radio carbon dating job done for me . Now you do realise it isn 't just a matter of putting an object in a machine and turning a dial , don 't you ? Yes , I do know that , but do you know of one ? Yes . Try Dr. Gerry Anderson . I 've met him a few times . He 's very nice . He seems to be digging in a Scandinavian peat bog and I think he 's at home just now . - Right . Well , thanks . - Bye . Well , that was my alleged girlfriend . Max ... I didn 't mean to do it . [ sobbing ] Don 't cry , darling . You can drive me home . [ clicking , tapping ] [ clicking and tapping intensifies ] [ fearful groaning ] You probably know that C-14 from nuclear fall-outs mucky up radio carbon method , which depends on measuring the rate of decay of natural C-14 . Fall out 's got a way of contaminating things , giving you a spuriously recent reading . Hang on a sec . I 'll just check the count on this . I may be able to tell you right away it isn 't worth the attempt . Have you been carrying that bone about with you ? Only today , why ? Because it 's hot ! It 's about impossible giving a sort of dating for it , I don 't know where it 's been . It must have been in a nuclear testing zone or something ! I don 't know how high the count is but ... I 'd watch myself if I were you . Of course , I was forgetting you are a doctor , aren 't you ? Oh , I see . What have you done with it ? I 've left it there in a lead container . Unless you really need it , you better let me have it buried good and deep . Uh , no . I 'd better have it back . It might be rather important . Do you really think he 's ill ? Hmm . Yes . Very , I 'm afraid . ln any case , he should never have left before we 'd run the Geiger counter over him . Where do you think he 's gone ? I don 't know . He made me drop him in the town , he said he had to see someone . That filthy tramp . What is it , Gordon ? Why on earth should he behave like this ? I don 't know . Perhaps it 's just a reaction from the ... all the accidents- - You said he 's been having a lot of nightmares ? Terrible ones . He shouts and screams in his sleep and I don 't seem to be able to help . Not since Jimmy died . [ door slams ] All right . I 'll handle this . Max . Where the devil have you been ? How 's the hand ? Max . Max , I talked to the Prof , he insists that you come back to the hospital . Max , you must . You think I 've gone a bit round the bend . Don 't you , Gordon ? No . I think you 're suffering from shock . Yes , so I was . I still am ... I know all about our friend the tramp now . What do you know ? - Everything ! - Max ! I even recognise his face . - Where from ? - From my dreams . Yes , I 've seen him , I 've heard him laughing , I 've heard him crying . I knew it the very night he arrived here , but my consciousness just refused to accept it . But when I saw those X-ray films today , then I really knew . But they were a surprise to all of us . No , Gordon , not to me . You see that old tramp hasn 't just been dusted with radioactive particles , it 's inside him , in his muscles , in his glands . He 's lived through something very terrible ... A world we can hardly even imagine . That language he speaks , that word for blanket , ki-yun , skin . Can you imagine a world where the only word for covering means something like an animal hide ? How far back do you have to go to find an age when woven fabrics were unknown ? Or how far back into the future ? What do you mean the future ? Seven , eight , nine generations after the bombs . I 'm talking about this island when the cities have gone , when fires a hundred miles wide have consumed the fields and the forests , when there 's nothing left . That 's when people will stop using words like blankets , shoes , pint of beer , cigarette . But of course , there 'll still be people ... People saturated with radioactivity like Smiffershon . They 'll produce strange mutations but just as the rabbits survive myxomatosis , so they 'll develop a strain , a resistance . They 'll be alive , but only just . And they 'll huddle together over a little fire and they 'll heap a thousand curses on the heads of their forebears . Some of them will develop a strange psychic power and become like medicine-men . And perhaps they 'll find some relics of the past . Tools , weapons , bones , like a human-finger bone and they 'll transport themselves back in time like Smiffershon ! You think that 's ridiculous , don 't you ? And so do you . But Gordon , I know ! You 're talking scientific nonsense , Max . Who says so ? You ? But then you 've never thought about the future . You couldn 't have , otherwise there 'd be some little doubt in your mind . You wouldn 't go on carrying on with experiments that cause the very diseases that you 're trying to cure . This is where your uncomplicated devotion to duty leads . To Smiffershon , to some new terrible kind of barbarianism . And where does yours lead to ? A nervous breakdown ? [ cackles manically ] The usual diagnosis of every doctor faced with a problem patient , nerves . It 's my explanation when a friend starts behaving in a completely irrational way . And what 's your rational explanation for Smiffershon ? How do you explain his disease , his language ? I don 't know . But we 'll find out . And when you 're a bit calmer , you 'll help with the work and we 'll come up with an explanation that 's so simple , we 'll find it embarrassing . [ giggling ] Now why don 't we have a drink ? Max , you must rest . Diana , they 've got at you too . Good friend Gordon has told you that I 'm suffering from a nervous stress complaint . He told me that you are tired and worried and I know that 's true . Drink up , Max . Well , for a nut , I seem to be talking very good sense . Not nice , but good . Diana told me Smiffershon was clutching a finger bone . Have you still got it ? Yes . That 's what he came back for . That 's why he came back to this house . Gordon , do you know what I think he was trying to do ? He was- - He was trying- - He was trying to kill me . Max ! [ cackling ] [ howling ] [ Diana ] Max . [ chanting in foreign language ] [ Diana ] Max ! [ hissing , gurgling ] [ baby crying , Diana screaming ] [ Diana ] Max ! - I know it 's true . - No . For you there is only one truth , that your son died and you 've taken the burden of guilt on your shoulders for his death . Your dreams show that conclusive . And you have elaborated them into a sort of personal myth ... Because there is a big gap in your hypothesis and the gap is that you are unable to explain how Smiffershon could make a journey through time except by inventing your rigmarole . You can 't wait . So you find a nice , tidy explanation . And when you find it 's full of holes , you plug the holes with imaginary physical laws . Now come on , be honest , isn 't that what you 've been doing ? You make it sound so reasonable . To me , your case is reasonable . What about the phalanx , what about the accident with my finger ? - Wasn 't that just a coincidence ? - No . Subconsciously , you created that accident . You had to destroy your finger in order that you could claim , justify it with your mind , that the one that Smiffershon had with him was in fact your own . And the language ? Well , Dr. Danville is working on that . Personally , I incline to agree with her first theory that Smiffershon 's probably a philologist , of some sort , an amateur maybe who has had a breakdown . Now , don 't you agree that 's a much more reasonable explanation than your own rather extravagant one ? - Well ? - I don 't know . What you need is a long holiday and then a change of hospital . Why ? Because , quite frankly , I 'm not prepared to allow you to jeopardise the work here . What makes you think I 'll do that ? Because you 're not fit , physically or mentally , to go on with it . I believe that it would be good for you to work elsewhere . You obviously feel very bitter about our failure to save your son . And who 's told you my feelings about it ? Faulkner ? Yes , he reported it as a doctor and as a friend . Hmm , like some sort of hired help . Doesn 't deserve the title doctor , none of us do . People like your fine friend , Fitzprior , put their finger on the button and we have to clear up the mess . But we can still masquerade as saviours of humanity . You talk about my delusions . What about yours ? We couldn 't do much to save old Smiffershon , could we ? A few anti-burn dressings , a bit of brown paper over the windows couldn 't save him . And he 's coming back to warn us and you won 't take heed ! Max , you 're being rather offensive . You 're not the only one around here with a conscience though you seem to indulge it more than most . I 'm facing facts . That 's precisely what you 're not doing , you 're facing fantasies . [ intercom rings ] Yes ? Mr. Kindersley rang to say that the operation on Mr. Fitzprior 's knee was very satisfactory and if you care to visit him , he should be back in his room in about ten minutes . All right , thank you . Now listen to me , Max . I 'm gonna give you two months leave and at the end of that , I expect you to put in your resignation . I don 't need leave . You need two months hospitalization and that urgently . [ cackles manically ] The traditional way out if somebody finds out something uncomfortable . Say they 're mad . Send them away . There is a more precise term for your illness . I am not ill . I 'll resign . And then I 'll go to the newspapers . I can hardly imagine any responsible newspaper paying any attention to you . Somebody 's got to listen to me . Who for example ? Yes , you 've got it all nicely buttoned up , haven 't you ? Radios , papers , television . And only Max Harrow knows the truth , eh ? Nine doctors have been involved in the Smiffershon case but you alone know the answer . Two philologists have given their explanation of his language , but you who are totally ignorant in that field , you reject it . And as a typical manifestation of your neurosis , only you care . The rest of us are insensitive monsters , but you care . All of us sleep soundly even though we face destruction and misery and the end of the world . Only Max Harrow has nightmares . [ groans ] Porter , Dr. Harrow will be leaving the building , I want you to stop him if you possibly can . - He is very ill . - Yes , sir . [ alarm beeping steadily ] Dr. Harrow ! Dr. Harrow ! Professor Leach ! It 's about Dr. Harrow ! He must be insane ! [ pants , giggles manically ] A what , sir ? Oh , a knee cap . And who does it belong to ? Oh , I see , sir . Where exactly has he taken it ? Well , that 's just the point . We don 't know . But you 've got to find him and find him quickly . And I warn you , he may be dangerous . All right , thank you . Diana is on her way . She 's very upset , I didn 't tell her exactly what had happened . Well , there 's nothing we can do now until they find him . Why did he take that ? Did he have any reason or was it just part of the reaction do you think ? Oh , no , no , no . I think there was a reason . I 'm almost certain that he 's been burying it . You know that he believes that that finger bone that Smiffershon had with him was in fact his own that he lost in the accident with the car door . And you know that he blames Fitzprior and people like that for the death of his son . But I think that he 's trying to establish some sort of a psychic link , so that the victims of the future will send their nightmares back to the man he believes is responsible . But he 's insane . [ intercom rings ] Yes ? Dr. Harrow 's been seen back in the hospital , sir . Why didn 't you stop him ? He came through casualty . Well find him and quickly . Yes , sir . [ alarm beeping steadily ] Max ! [ indistinct speech ] [ speech continues ] Dr. Harrow , you should have protective clothing on if you 're going in there . Dr. Harrow . Why me , Smiffershon ? Why me ? I was no more guilty than the others . Why me ? Why my son ? You came here to kill me , didn 't you ? You 've done enough . You 've haunted me for months and now I 've got to have some peace . I 've got to have some peace , understand ? I 've got to have some peace ! Max , Max ! [ laughs manically ] [ pants , groans ] [ speaks in Smiffershon 's language ] - Professor Leach . - Hmm ? I was wondering if you 'd heard anything about Max Harrow . No , there is no change . He 's on a continuous narcosis now . Have you let his wife know ? Yeah , she 's moved near to the psychiatric hospital . He won 't know it . Do you think there 's any hope for him ? I doubt it very much . What about Smiffershon ? Any progress there ? I 'm just going to find out . I 'm on my way to see Dr. Danville . - Oh , is she with him ? - Yes , sir . Well , ask her to come and see me before she leaves the hospital , will you ? - Very well , sir . - Thank you . [ speaking in foreign language ] Well , Laura , any luck ? Shh , just a minute , just a minute . [ continues in foreign language , Laura attempts to repeat ] Oh , this is impossible . He 's obviously a psychiatric case . Why , what 's he been saying ? He says that this disease he 's suffering from is a result of radiation after some huge atomic war . He claims that it 's all happened in the future . And he keeps on talking about his finger . I couldn 't quite understand all that but something about it was his only link with our time , he 'd come back here to find the owner . But what 's the matter , Gordon ? You 're quite sure about all this ? Well , as sure as one can be . Why , can you make any sense out of it ? Yes , I think I can . Oh , God , I think I can . [ evil cackling ]
