 [ theme music plays ] [ coughs , wheezes ] [ man over PA ] Flight deck to Chief Guard . We 'll be making an Earth orbit pass in five minutes . Prepare for landing . Yes , sir . [ computer whirring ] Come on . Let 's check the prisoners . Your attention and look this way ! ln a few minutes , we 'll be making an Earth entry . ln ten , you 'll be getting out of your bunks and moving through the Liberty Corridor . Now , you 've all been good boys so far . We 've had a nice trip . But until you get your discharge papers , let me remind you of one thing ... You are still convicts ! Which means that we don 't want any trouble in our last minutes together . I want no demonstrations , no cracks about the Interstellar Prison Service once we 've landed , no sneaky tricks of any kind . Because if you 've got anything like that in mind , there 's me , there 's my friend and there are these prods . Most of you have had a tickle or two from them . So you know what I 'm talking about . Good . Just so we understand one another . Now , let 's check your restrainers . Think of it . In a couple of hours you 'll all be free . Back on Mother Earth , eating normal food sleeping in normal beds . Maybe sleeping with someone . Just doing what you like , when you like . And that 's something our prize specimens , our pre-criminals , will be looking forward to . Isn 't that so , Crandall ? Prisoner Crandall . I spoke to you . I want an answer . What was the question , sir ? I said are you looking forward to your big event or aren 't you ? - Yes . I am . - Thanks for replying . You pre-criminals are all the same , those of you who get to make the trip back . You have a look about you , a special look that says that you 're a law unto yourselves . But let me tell you something , as far as I 'm concerned , you 're not ! And with one swipe of this prod I can wipe that smug look from your face . [ chuckles softly ] All things considered , you 'd be taking a chance , wouldn 't you ? No , Crandall , I don 't think so . You might grind your teeth , but when it comes to it I don 't think you 'd waste your special , precious licence that you 've qualified for on me . Maybe not . But all the same , don 't push so hard . Is your friend going to speak about the big event ? You gave him a tickle yesterday or had you forgotten ? So I did . But the paralysis should wear off soon . When it does , you can tell him that he can look forward to the big event then it 's his turn for fun , too . I will . But it 's no thanks to you . Better strap in . We 'll be hitting the entry shocks soon . [ whirring ] Otto ! Otto ! Come on , it 's nearly time ! Henck here , sir ! pre-criminal 525514 . Oh , Nick . What 's up ? We 're nearly home ! The ship 's on alert , ready for orbital pass . - Oh ! - How do you feel ? Sick , dizzy . The way one always feels after a touch of one of those guys ' prods . Nerves twisting about . Forget it . We 're nearly through with him . And then I was dreaming . I was dreaming when you must have touched me . About Elsa . A new way to get her . A brand new , really ugly way . Easy . Think of other things for the moment . Like food , drink , relaxation . The way I figure it , that comes later . First it 's Elsa . That can 't be . Not just like that . We 've been away seven years . Things will have changed . First we have to adjust . What 's wrong with you Nick ? Have you turned soft ? Don 't tell me you 've forgotten about him ? No . I haven 't . But it 's been a long wait . A short while longer isn 't going to make all that difference . I suppose not . The important thing is that we do it and do it right . Otherwise what would the last seven years have meant ? [ man over PA ] Orbital count down . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . [ loud whirring ] [ high pitched noise ] [ engines roaring ] Here we go Otto . Into the home stretch . Closer to your Elsa and my Stephensen ! [ rumbling ] [ overlapping chatter ] We won 't have long to wait for our story . pre-criminals just once in a decade that get back to Earth . Which ones are Crandall and Henck ? Wait and see . Gomez , Stephens , prisoners Class C , go to number four desk , on the right along the corridor , for your clearance and discharge . [ electronic whirring , bleeping ] Arthur and Garfinkel , prisoners class B , go to number two desk , on the left . [ electronic whirring , bleeping ] Reeves and Nation , prisoners class A , go to number three desk , on the right . [ electronic whirring , bleeping ] Crandall and Henck . pre-criminals . Go to number one desk over there . [ electronic whirring , bleeping ] Crandall , Henck , we 'd like a statement from you . Not just now ! Let them through . They haven 't been discharged yet . How does it feel to be back ? I guess a few words won 't hurt . I asked , what 's it like to be back on Earth ? Fine , just fine . What 's the first thing you 're going to do once you get your discharge ? - Eat a good meal . - And then ? Drink maybe . New clothes . And relax . Yes . But after that ? Tell us , would you care to name any names ? No . No comment . Well , that 's your privilege . Yes that 's their privilege . Now report to number one desk , the examiner is waiting . Name and detail ? Nicholas Crandall , number 525509 . Research engineer , advanced chemist , mechanical theorist . Correct ? Yes , sir . And now that you have served your pre-sentence , do you still want your special licence ? Yes . I do . Married then divorced . No children . Perhaps the reason for your wanting it lies there ? No comment , sir . That is your basic right under the Pre-Criminal Code . Yes , sir . And you ? You must be Otto Henck , number 525514 ? Yes , sir . Sea farmer , married , no children . And you , Henck , do you still want your licence ? Yes , sir . Then let 's look at the records . Both of you appeared before the authorities seven years ago and made confessions of intent . You were sentenced and served your sentences in the outer galaxies . - Yes , sir . - Where , exactly ? Two years on Rigel 12 , another two on Antares 8 and the final three on Proxima Centaurus . It 's unusual for men to spend such long times on those planets and then return . How do you account for the fact that you both managed to survive such an ordeal ? Luck sir , and the fact that we were there together . When I was attacked by molten lava on Rigel 12 , Otto Henck saved me and then looked after me . Which is no more than he did for more , sir when the giant wasps on Antares tried to kill me . So you looked after one another , served out a rough comradeship in order to survive and to qualify for the right to hold these licences ? Yes , sir . The Pre-criminal Code guarantees that you will get them . You 've served sentences equivalent to half of that which you would have received , had you committed the crime under the Normal Penal Code . But what does it achieve ? Many would-be criminals have had time to pause and reflect and then changed their minds . The result , crime incidence has been greatly reduced . That 's all very well , but what about their intended victims ? After all , Examiner , it could be you it could be me . That 's a risk we have to take for a progressive law . But what 's wrong with punishment as a straight line deterrent ? Imprisonment , whippings , executions , they were effective . If you think so and want to return to the Dark Years , you have only to take a trip back in the time machine . No thanks . I don 't feel that strongly about it . Then keep quiet . Nicholas Crandall and Otto Henck , having regard to the work that you have achieved in helping to colonise those places in which you 've spent the last seven years , I accordingly grant you your complete discharge and your legal licences to go forth from this place and kill one man or one woman of your own choosing ! [ cameral clicks ] How do you feel now , Mr. Crandall ? Mr. Henck ? Now that you 've got these licences ? I 'm not sure . Except maybe to hope . Hope ? Hope what ? That our victims are in good health , and waiting for us . [ overlapping conversation from crowd ] [ reporter ] Can we have a personal interview for our newspaper ? Well , we 're in luck . There are several rooms vacant according to this indicator . Why pick this place , Nick ? It 's expensive . Look at those rates . Twelve credits a day . We can afford it . But I 've only got about a hundred credits all told in my token account . If you need to borrow some more , I can always lend it to you . Come on let 's register ! [ clicking , beeping ] Right . Your turn . [ clicking , beeping ] The Capricorn Ritz ! I never thought I 'd be staying here . Let 's go to the bar and get ourselves that drink . Should we ? I mean all these people- - They 're minding their own business . So come on . - I just thought- - - I know . But if we want to re-join the human race , we 've got to make an effort . And a drink will help , so come on . [ man on TV ] And since the authority introduced the new tourist service on the planet , Mars , 50,000 people have taken advantage ... Well , I told you things would 've changed . Before we went away a barman used to serve the drinks . Now they 've automated him out of business . Then what do we do ? Take one and sign for it by pressing here I suppose . [ beeping , whirring ] Our signal is transmitted to a Token Bank and we get deducted so many credits for each drink . [ man continues on TV ] ... news that all ... Too easy . This could mean ruin for me in no time . Besides , what do you do for company when you 're by yourself ? Visu-check . Always on tap . I told you things would 've changed since they sent us away . All these new things . [ man continues on TV ] The extra thrust of the spaceship , the transporter , even this mechanical bar working day and night everywhere , and every one of them motivated by the new power source . [ man on TV ] ... has now successfully been brought back to life . Stephensen Power . Stephensen . He must be the richest man alive . Just about . And to think it 's your name that should have been on that marker . No wonder you feel about him the way you do . Just for the moment , let 's forget him . Instead , here 's to us . - Across the stars . - [ on TV ] Back here on Earth , the convict spaceship Jean Valjean landed earlier today and discharged two pre-criminals , Nicholas Crandall and Otto Henck . Two men who were later heard before the pre-criminal Court and granted licences to commit one murder apiece . Take a good look at them , it might be you they 're after ! I suppose that had to happen . [ man on TV ] A fire is reported to be raging ... Come on , let 's take these drinks over there . Away from all these people . ... believe that the fire extends for 1,000 square miles ... That means everyone will be on the alert . Everyone will be watching out for us . Including our targets . As far as I am concerned , it doesn 't make any difference . Elsa knows ! I told her that day , just before I turned myself in . She knows I wouldn 't take a murder rap for anyone but her ! Then you wore a fool ! That means she 'll be armed , ready to defend herself . It won 't make any difference . I 'll get her just the same . And , what 's more , I told her on purpose . I want her to know . I wanted her to wait and squirm . Easy . I had my seven years of hell , Nick . I bet she 's had hers too . Which serves her right for the 12 years of so called marriage that she gave me before that . Using me , playing around , laughing at me . - That was a real hell , Nick . - I know . But don 't get clouded up so you can 't think straight . Don 't worry . When it comes to the moment I won 't mess it up , not after all that . It 's different for you , Nick . A man may have cheated you out of what should have been yours , but at least your wife didn 't mess you up in a way that only a woman can . That 's true . My marriage was good while it lasted . Five years and then we just seemed to drift apart . - But without any real hurt . - Your wife gave you a divorce . She didn 't insist on hanging on to make you suffer . Polly was all right . A bit mixed up maybe , but no more than I was . One moment it was all there , the next it wasn 't . But I 've always remembered her nicely . No bad feelings there . Only for Stephensen and what he cheated me out of . Well , I 'll be darned ! Someone I know ! Paul , how are you ? Well , of all people to meet on my first day back . - How--How are you ? - All right . Strange . I hadn 't expected to meet any old friends so soon . And then you and I , all those years we spent in research together . - That was a long time ago . - Seven or eight years . Well , what have you been doing in the meantime ? What are you doing now ? I 'm all right . I keep busy . I 'm--I 'm in business . Good . I hope it 's going well . Look , I 'm with a friend so why not join us for a drink ? No thanks , as a matter of fact , I 'm just waiting for some friends myself . Oh , I think I see them coming now . Hi . - So , you see ? - Yes , I see . - You saw ... - If you 'll excuse me . - What 's up ? - Nothing . I thought I saw an old friend . ln point of fact , what I saw was an ex-friend . You and I are going to have plenty of those from how on . [ laughter ] Come on , let 's get out of here it 's like being in a glass bowl . That 's just what I was thinking and Nick , I 'm getting restless . I want to do something about finding Elsa right away . Yes , and I should be looking after my one too . I 'll try the apartment . Elsa should be there at this time . Yes , and I 'll call on Stephensen at the lab . That 's the most likely place . - See you back here later . - Yeah , right . - And , Otto - Yes ? - Good luck , huh ? - You too , Nick . [ faint whirring ] [ high-pitched whirring ] That 's it . It 's in position now . Temperature reading , 5,500 over 25 . Wait five seconds for reduction to normal , then close and activate . Five , four , three , two , one . [ cracking , whooshing ] That batch should keep up our quota . Give me an exact reading on the results later . I 'm looking for Stephensen . My name is Marshall . Roger Marshall . I 'm sorry , he 's away at the moment . But I 'm Marie Bell , his chief assistant . - Away ? - On vacation . At his hunting lodge in Central Tibet . Oh . But if it 's business in connection with the lab , I can speak on his behalf . When do you expect him back ? I 'm not sure . He 's liable to drop in at any moment . On the other hand , it could take a few days . Well , you see , I have some information I 'm sure would interest him . - Yes ? - I 'm a research developer . I 've made some further studies into the nature of Salturian Rocks the basis of your power system . I have completed an advance which will increase the value of the power source considerably . Well , in that case , I 'm sure he 'd be interested . If you care to leave the details with me- - No , no , thank you . Thank you all the same but I think I 'd rather speak to him personally . As you wish . Is this the first time you 've seen the laboratory ? Yes . I did see it some time ago when it was in a different form . An idea on paper . The original plans ? Then that means that you 've met Mr. Stephensen before ? Yes . Way back . He wouldn 't remember me . All the same that means you must have an idea of - what is being done here . - Yes , a fair idea . That tank there , that 's the main storage unit where the Salturian Rocks are kept when they 're brought to Earth . From there we take them and place them in the main activator . There they 're energised according to the Stephensen Theory and the result is power that leaves through the Source Conduit at the far end . - Of course , we- - - The Stephensen Theory ? Yes . His famous theory . The one he perfected eight years ago . Of course . These laboratories are established everywhere now - on Venus on the Moon , on Mars . - On practically every colony . They provide 97 per cent of all the power used - in the Solar System . - Very impressive . For someone who walks in here and talks of an advance , you seem uncertain of what is generally known by everyone . Well , you see , I 've been working in isolation . The only way that a research developer , like myself , can arrive at abstracts which is my main field . I see . All the same , I 'm sure that Mr. Stephensen will be pleased to hear what I have to say . He 's always willing to listen to new ideas . Yes , I 've no doubt . You must derive a great satisfaction , Miss Bell , - working in a place like this . - Yes . I was lucky to be allowed to work at all . Most graduates from my seminar passed straight into the Leisure Group . It must be terrible not to be able to contribute as long as you live . How did you get started here ? Mr. Stephensen took an interest in me . - He 's been very kind . - I see . When he gets back , perhaps you would inform me . I can be contacted at the Capricorn Ritz room 412 . - 412 . Right . - Thank you . [ door whirs ] [ radio sounds ] Yes ? [ man ] Floor here . The batch is ready . Thank you . [ door whirs ] At two credits a glass , how are you making out ? Hello . Not so bad . It 's only my third all evening . Or fourth , I don 't remember exactly . How did It go , with Elsa I mean . She wasn 't there . Not even the apartment . The whole district has been redeveloped . - There wasn 't sign of her . - I see . And there was no-one to tell you where she 's gone ? I was so shocked I didn 't know what to do . That whole district was nothing but 80 tier apartment blocks as far as the eye could see . Now it 's nothing but a huge nature park . - But surely- - - The last thing I expected . I just stood in the middle of the park not knowing what to do . But even if she has moved on , there must be a record ? You don 't understand , Nick . All that time we were away , all the while , I kept thinking of how it was going to be when I finally caught up with her , the times I dreamed of it . And it always happened in that place . Now it just isn 't there anymore . I 'm sorry , Nick . I was just thinking about my side of it . - How did it go with him ? - Same story , he was away . Oh . You want to have a drink ? No . No thanks . No , I 'm tired . I think I 'll go up to my room get some rest . - Sure . - See you in the morning , Otto . - You should get some rest too . - I will . Nick , don 't worry . It won 't make any difference . I 'll look for Elsa , I 'll find her - and when I do- - - I know . Good night , Otto . Good night . [ door buzzes ] [ soft electronic whirring ] [ bleep ] [ electronic music begins to play , quietly ] [ spraying ] [ intercom crackles ] - Yes ? - Good evening , Mr. Crandall . I hope I 'm not disturbing you . - Who are you ? - Henson Marcus Henson of the Main Continent Media Exchange . I was at the space-port earlier today . What can I do for you , Mr. Henson ? My company is interested in your story . Very interested . Mr. Henson . I 'm tired . I 've had a long day- - And the public is excited by it . They 've been lapping up the details ever since you landed . Perhaps you 've seen our journal casts through the day ? I saw one . What about it ? We 'd like to follow it up get an exclusive interview from you . Not interested , I 've had a taste of being a freak . - I don 't want to cultivate it . - Don 't be hasty Mr. Crandall . You haven 't heard our proposition yet . What proposition ? Fifty thousand credits payable to your account in the Token Bank . Fifty thousand ! That 's right . Fifty thousand for you just to tell us your story . The full story . Well , you know most of it already . I mean everything that happened to us . We want to know everything . From the moment you first went to the authorities and confessed to your pre-criminal intention . Every experience that you underwent in those terrible places you were sent to . Oh , I know you mentioned some at the spaceport but I had the feeling earlier that you were playing down some of the incidents . I answered the questions straight . I know . But we want the inside story . For instance , you didn 't talk about it but what happened to your hand ? - My hand ? - Yes . You 're wearing that surgical glove . Did you lose your hand ? And if so , how ? You see , it 's details like this the public wants to know about . But the biggest thing they want to know about , and that 's why we 're prepared to pay so much , is that special piece of information that clinches your story . - I don 't understand . - Oh , come on now ! What do you think they 're all excited about ? What do you think they 're really guessing at ? You know as well as I. They 're trying to figure out who your victim is going to be ! You tell us , we 'll follow your story , we 'll be there when it happens and you can retire a rich man while at the same time completing what you set out to do ! Mr. Henson , I have no intention of- - I know the code says you don 't have to name any names if you don 't want to but there 's nothing to stop you changing your mind and profiting by it . And the chances will still be on your side . Henson you 're wasting your time ! - Now if you 'll excuse me- - - Now , look , Mr. Crandall- - Good night , Mr. Henson . [ music begins again ] [ Crandall , in flashback ] Let 's get this rock out of the way , Otto . [ Henck ] All right . [ Crandall ] Get your shoulder behind it . [ Crandall ] Push from the other side . [ Henck ] That 's what I 'm doing . [ Henck ] It 's starting to go ! It 's moving ! [ Crandall ] Just a little more effort ! [ Henck ] There it goes ! But look out . Nick ! The lava ! Watch it ! It 'll strike ! [ screaming ] [ Henck ] Nick , what happened ? - It , it got my hand ! - [ Henck ] Let me see ! [ Henck , echoing ] What hand , Nick ? What hand ? [ bell chiming ] [ buzzer ] Polly ! You 're that last person I expected to see . - Is that true ? - Of course . It isn 't usual for women to go looking their ex-husbands up . Nick , please don 't play games with me . - Hmm ? - Don 't be that cruel ! I know why you served your sentence . The moment I saw you presented on the journal casts last night . - I knew why you did it . - Polly , I don 't know - what you 're talking about . - Yes , you do . You knew all along . I felt it . I suppose you tell me . When we were married there was only one man ever ! One man what ? Only one that I was unfaithful with ! And I made a mistake . I thought he loved me . I would never have divorced you if I 'd known what he was really like . A first class mistake . The biggest I ever made . And because of that I 've been punished enough . So , please Nick ! Please don 't kill me ! Well , we live and learn . Nick , it was over nine years ago , eight at least . Don 't kill me for that , it wouldn 't make any sense . No , you 're right , it wouldn 't . Please don 't take your revenge after all this time . Don 't worry , Polly . I won 't . The way things happened between him and me , well , you know , the way he talks . You won 't ? You won 't kill me after all ? Polly you 're talking about something I know nothing about . And never did . - You didn 't ? - I never realised . But I could have sworn , when I asked for divorce ... I thought it was for the reasons you gave at the time . That you just wanted to be free . Then then you wouldn 't even know who he was ? No , and after all this time perhaps it 's better that I don 't . Are you telling me the truth ? Or are you playing with me wanting me to suffer some more ? That 's the truth , Polly . After that , I could do with a drink . How about you ? - Please . - The same as usual ? Yes . [ whirring ] I really did think you knew all along . [ beeping ] No . I trusted you . It only started because you insisted on working . When you became involved with that scheme . I had time left over . Time outside the Organised Leisure Programme . I had time in which to become bored . You should have told me . You wouldn 't have listened . You were so involved . My researches meant a lot to me . I would 've thought they 'd meant a lot to us . I know . But in the end whatever happened to them ? Come to that what happened to me ? - What do you mean ? - I loved you . Despite what I have just told you , I did love you . I made a mistake in asking for that divorce . And I have regretted it ever since . How are things with you otherwise ? All right . I live in North America , near the Great Lakes . Got a nice apartment . As you gather I haven 't married again . Was it very terrible , your time away ? It wasn 't a picnic . - My mother died . Last year . - I 'm sorry to hear that . She elected of her own accord . She was feeling bored and the authority issued a voluntary pill . - I see . And your father ? - He 's fine . He still potters with his hobby . You know cultivating those Martian Blooms . Nick , I was wondering . - Couldn 't we ? - Oh , Polly ! Couldn 't we start over again just forget everything ? It 's too late . Much too late to pick up . It wouldn 't work , and besides ... I know . You have only come back to complete one thing . Yes . Nick , I didn 't ask ... I purposely didn 't ask but if it isn 't me you 're after , then who is it ? [ bleeping ] Yes ? [ man over radio ] Mr. Stephensen calling you from Tibet , Miss Bell . Go ahead , Mr. Stephensen . - Marie , how are you ? - Fine , Mr. Stephensen . - How is the hunting ? - Excellent . - What about things at the lab ? - Normal . Production is steady . We 've got plenty of reserve . Good . - When will you be back ? - Later today . - Yes , but what time ? - At ten o 'clock this evening . Good . - We look forward to seeing you . - Why ? A man called in last evening . He has a very good research idea , which I 'm sure will interest you . I see . Then make an appointment . Thank you . - Goodbye , Marie . - Bye . Have a good trip back . Yes , Miss Bell ? Get me the Capricorn-Ritz Hotel , please . [ man over PA ] 4 12 to visu-phone ... Calling 4 12 . Excuse me . Yes ? [ Marie ] Mr. Crandall ? I 've heard from Mr. Stephensen . He 'll be back at 10 : 00 . I 've made an appointment for you . You will be there , won 't you ? Yes , I will . Thank you . Will you be all right now ? - Yes . You ? - I 'll make out . I know you will , Nick . Good bye . - My wife . I mean my ex . - Oh ? She just came to say hello . Then wound up asking me who I had in mind . - You didn 't tell her ? - What do you think ? How did it go with you ? First thing this morning I contacted the Movement Bureau . They gave me Elsa 's new address . - Good . - I 'm going there now . - See you later . - Sure . [ creaking , beeping ] Nick ! [ lasering , explosion ] Look up there on the gantry ! [ coughing , spluttering ] Find him . Here he is ! This is the man who fired . Daniel ! - Do you know him ? - He 's my brother ! All right let 's hear it . What 's the commotion about ? But I don 't understand . Why , Dan ? Simple , Nick . I had to get you first - But , Dan - Wait a minute ! You 're Crandall , aren 't you ? The pre-criminal who was released yesterday ? I see . Get the blaster . I saw it all . I was up there when he aimed . Maybe you shouldn 't have interfered . It could be entirely their own business . Now , look , I 'm going to have to take statements from you both . You both know the basic law in a situation like this . So let 's get started . Why , Dan ? What was it all about ? - You know . You 've always known . - Dan ! I tried to reach you to tell you that there was no need . - I see . - But I don 't . As I said before , you know the position in law . Crandall , you were a pre-criminal . You have a special licence . He fired at you . Now , if it can be proved that he had reasonable cause to believe that he was your intended victim , then he had every right to anticipate you . But if not , then he would be guilty of attempted murder ... And that fetches from three to five years in the Outer Colonies . So , Mr. Crandall , it 's up to you . What do you have to say ? Was your brother your intended victim or not ? Well ? - Yes . Yes it was him . - You 're sure ? - That lady that came in- - - Yes , I 'm quite sure ! All right you heard what he had to say . You can let him go . He 's free . Whichever way they work it out from now on that 's their business . Or forget it and disperse . And it 's none of ours . So let 's leave ! Thanks , Otto . I didn 't have time to think about it . It happened I moved . If you 're okay now , I 'll check on Elsa . Yes . I 'm all right . Polly tells me that you were lying just now . That you did so to save me from a spell on the colonies . That you never had any idea about us . No idea at all . [ man on TV ] We are interrupting our programme with a journal flash from the Capricorn Ritz Hotel in Sahara City where , a few moments ago , an unsuccessful attempt was made on the life of the ex-pre-criminal Nicholas Crandall . Look , we can 't talk here . Crandall stated later that his brother , Daniel Crandall , was the victim he had in mind when he returned from his sentence on the Outer Colonies . No reason was given . But we hope to get an interview with the brothers Crandall later on . That is if they 're still alive ! [ door whirs ] I 'm sorry for what I tried to do just now . It 's been playing on my mind all these years . - Forget it . - But how can I ? First there was the thing between Polly and I. I always resented you , Nick . I always resented being second brother , second in everything . And taking Polly that evened up the score ? Put like that it sounds childish , but that 's a part of it . I told you earlier , Nick , how he fooled me . Now you 're hearing it for yourself . I seem to be hearing many things . I believed you at the time ! - When you said you loved me . - Who are you kidding ? As far as you were concerned , it was a game . - One you enjoyed playing . - You killed the marriage between Nick and me . Stop lying to yourself ! You killed that yourself . It was in you . But you encouraged it to amuse yourself and kick back at him . Shut up ! Both of you ! It 's not important any more . I doubt if it ever was . I 've got more important things to think about . Yes , I suppose you have . If it isn 't me you had in mind or Polly then that means ... But you can 't go ahead with your original plan now . I can and I will . Not once you 've made a statement naming someone . The fact that I told a lie in a certain moment is only a minor infringement . - But , Nick , you 'd be crazy . - Maybe . But I 've earned that right . Come to that , how can we be sure that it isn 't one of us ? That you 're not playing a cat and mouse game . You 'll have to take my word for it . And supposing I don 't ? With what you 've stated , I could kill you any time now . Just to be sure and without any fear of getting into trouble . ln that case , I 'll tell you . I tell you who and why ! Look at that mess ! Record it while I trace them . Excuse me ! The brothers Crandall . Any idea where they are ? They went to his room , I think . Thanks . Come on . That 's the kind of man Stephensen turned out to be . Persuasive , friendly . I 'd been working for years on the theory of harnessing the power in Salturian Rocks . I needed a lab for the last stages , Stephensen obliged , then stole and registered the formula before I knew where I was . But I thought , all that time , that you were happy working on abstract research with that friend of yours what was his a name Paul , Paul Ryman . Paul was assisting me . I suppose he lost on the deal too , but then he was an easy goer . It wouldn 't have bothered him . To me it mattered . Wait a minute ! Have you seen him since you got back ? Yes . Just to say ' hello to- - Then if I were you I 'd talk some more with him . Considering his present wealth , I think you 'd find a talk very interesting . [ doorbell ringing ] [ door whirs ] Hello , Mr. Crandall and Mr. Crandall . Would either of you care to make a statement ? No , I would not . And I 'm going out . So I 'll leave you two to entertain each other . - Now , look . Mr. Crandall - Go ahead , Nick . You know something ? If you two could sort yourselves out , you 'd be great . ln a way you deserve each other . [ door whirs ] Nick ! I was just going to call your room . - Oh ? - To say ' hello ' properly and invite you to have a drink with me . Yesterday , well , I wasn 't very friendly . But I 'm sure you understand why . - What 'll it be ? - Nothing , thank you . Oh , come on . For old times ' sake . After all , it 's been a long time since you and I worked together . Yes . Anyway , I remember your tastes . A lot may have changed but I doubt if that has . [ creaking , beeping ] So here it is and here 's a welcome home . You said just now that I would understand about yesterday . Meaning that today is different . Why ? Simple . A short while ago I caught the journal flash . - About you and your brother . - And ? I can 't say I was altogether surprised . We all knew what was going on those days between him and Polly . - Funny thing though . - What is ? I had an impression at the time that you didn 't know . I didn 't . - What ? - I didn 't know . I had no idea . But what other reason could you have had for killing Dan ? None . None ! But it was stated . I told a lie to get him out of trouble . You mean that he wasn 't your target after all ? That 's right . Paul , I understand you 've been lucky . How do you mean ? That you 've become a wealthy man . Oh , I 've had a bit luck , yes . - It came out of blue . - What blue ? I don 't see that it 's any of your business . Well , maybe it is , maybe it isn 't . You and I worked closely in the old days . You did a fine job , assisting me with my researches . Especially in that Salturian Rocks project . Well , now , I 'm just a little curious . I 'd like to know a bit more about that patch of blue you found . Some--Some work I did for one of the big organisations . Would it have a name ? Would it have a name , like Stephensen , for example ? You--You know ? Stephensen pulled the big trick . He got the rights to those researches . But it stands to reason he must have had some inside help . Nick , I 'm sorry but Stephensen offered me so much it made my mind boggle ! I just couldn 't keep my hands off it ! You shouldn 't have trusted me the way you did . No man has the right to trust another man as much as that . Maybe I shouldn 't have done it but the opportunity was there . I just couldn 't say ' no ' . Look , Nick , I 'll do anything ! Anything to make it up to you ! You- - You can have everything I 've got in the Token Bank . Nick , it 's a lot ! It 's an awful lot ! It can make up for so much ! Can it ? Can it make up for the understanding we once had ? Hmm ? The understanding that I thought we had ? I don 't understand you . Look if it 's just revenge you want , if it 's my death , then go on kill me . Get it over with ! No . - Then what is it you want ? - Nothing . Except to know . To find out . To discover if truth , any kind of a truth , has a start or a finish . Well , you weren 't away long . How did it go ? She 's dead . She 's been dead for two years ! Two whole years ! Elsa had me fooled all the time ! - She even played the last card ! - I don 't understand ? She was your wife , why didn 't they tell you- - Because she divorced me ! She got a special annulment and married someone else . I went to her new address . This man answered the door . Introduced himself , then told me Elsa died in an accident . The man was upset when he told me . And do you want to know something , Nick ? He was cut up about it . You see they had had a happy marriage together ! [ indistinct chatter ] Otto maybe it 's just as well . What do you mean ? Seven years of my life gone for nothing . Now , no future , nothing to show for it . Not even the satisfaction . - It 's different for you . - Is it ? I 've spent the last seven years , hating one man wanting revenge . Only to find that others the ones I loved and trusted meant no more to me in my life than Stephensen . Otto , I don 't know what it 's about any more . I don 't know what love and hate mean . I only know that I 'm tired and all that effort , trying to keep alive on the colonies . I 'm beginning to think that there was no point in it . No point at all . Mr. Crandall . I 'll be back , Otto . - Miss Bell ? - Hello . Mr. Stephensen will be back earlier than expected . He 'll be in the office at eight . Miss Bell I don 't understand . You must know certain things . Enough to know that my name is Crandall and that I have had a plan in mind . Now add that to the fact that I 've been trying to meet Stephensen . I know , Mr. Crandall . I fully realise . But earlier you were talking as though you were grateful to him . Only in one sense . ln that he allowed me to work alongside him . It was only a compensation . You see he was going to marry me . Only he changed his mind at the last moment and married someone else . I once tried to pluck up courage to confess to the pre-criminal Court myself ... To go through what you 've been through . But I couldn 't face it . Now , through you , I can still hit back at him . - How what plans have you made ? - The method ? None . Not exactly . It can kill at any range . I 'll be watching the journals all evening , Mr. Crandall . The best of luck . [ man over PA ] 319 to visu-phone . Calling 319 , Mr. Otto Henck . Hello . Otto Henck here . [ man over visu-phone ] Mr. Henck , I have a proposal . One I think you will find interesting . What 's that ? Listen carefully and I 'll tell you . Mr Crandall may I speak to you ? It 's a free universe . What I have to say is most important ! Permit me to introduce myself . Ballaskia is my name . Edward Ballaskia . You 're not a media man , are you ? From one of those journal companies- - - No . - Then that 's all right . Please sit down , Mr. Crandall . What I have to tell you , is that what you contemplate doing is morally wrong . - Perhaps . - But let me assure you it is ! I can only implore with you to forgive your enemies to turn your other cheek ! Are you a religionist ? I am asking you to remember hope , faith and charity ! And the greatest of those is charity ! ln other words , sir , open your heart to him or her whom you intend to kill , understand the weakness which caused them to give you offence and forgive them ! Maybe I 'd like to . Perhaps you can give me a good reason why . Because it is spiritually right ! It is ethically right ! And for you , it can be profitably right ! - I don 't understand . - Think of it ! Think what it can mean , if you can say so yourself , that you have suffered seven , long miserable years all for a purpose that we all know about and then , in the final moment , you rise above your base instincts and forgive and forget ! - Maybe you 're right ! - And revenge ... Cheap , emotional revenge like that is so unrewarding ! Especially when it can be replaced with an offer that I have in mind . I mentioned just now , if you were to change your course , alter your direction , realign your purpose , it could be made profitably right for you ! - So you did . - Mr. Crandall , you have a licence ! You are entitled to commit one murder . Now it so happens that I want one murder committed . You 're mad . I am wealthy . You I judge , and please don 't take offence sir , you are not well off . I can make you comfortable for the rest of your life . Extremely comfortable . So put aside your thoughts , your cheap , unworthy thoughts of anger and personal revenge . You see , I have a business associate who has been- - To hell with you ! Go and serve your own seven years ! Do we understand one another , Mr. Henck ? I think so . Well ? Yes or no ? I 'll think it over . I 'll call you back . Otto , I 'm going to meet Stephensen . I thought you 'd changed your mind . Well , he 's due back earlier than expected . Wish me luck . [ door whirs ] Hello , Crandall . Sorry to keep you waiting . - That 's all right , it 's only a day . ln one sense , it doesn 't make all that difference . By the same token , would a year ? Or even seven , come to that ? It 's all according to the way one looks at it . You seem sure of yourself . Why shouldn 't I be ? Quietly , firmly , I 've always known that it was me you had in mind from the day you went away . Knowing , without any doubts , without any guessing , stopped me worrying about it . Then I take it you think you have an answer for me ? Of course ! I wouldn 't be the man I am if I couldn 't think something like that through . I see . I said just now that this extra day , in one sense , hasn 't made any difference . - But in another sense it has . - What do you mean ? - I 've changed my mind . - You 've done what ? I 've lived with the one thought for so long that of killing you . But you were by no means the only one to double cross me , to take advantage of me . ln a way what you did had a kind of sense , a purpose . - While the others- - - That 's all very interesting . For my peace of mind , I wish I could believe what you say . The only thing now is , and oddly enough , you might tell me this . Since I 've lived on hate , fed on it , what do I put in its place ? I don 't think that 'll be any problem . I said I 'd give you an answer and I have . He 's standing behind you . That 's right , Nick . I 'm up here . Otto ! My Stephensen made me a proposition . One that makes sense of those seven years that I lost . Especially in view of the way you feel . So , Nick , there 's no more choice for you and none for me . [ lasering , explosion ] I wonder if he really meant what he said . - He did . - Then why did you kill him ? I was his last friend . It was my turn to make a profit out of knowing him . Mr. Henck , the five million credits will be deposited in your account tomorrow morning . Thank you , sir .
