 [ theme music plays ] Mr. Morrey Anderson to see you , sir . Thank you , Edward . Well , Morrey , this won 't do . Won 't do at all , will it ? Will what , sir ? This report from the Ration Office . - The Ministry of Rations , sir ? - Yes , yes . You fool . It 's a report , Morrey , about you . And it won 't do . You 're slipping , Morrey . And I want to tell you that I won 't have it . You are a Class Seven person and on your way up . Class Seven consumption , Morrey . It is your duty as a Class Seven consumer to consume , Morrey , the ration of consumer goods allocated by the state as befits your status . Well , I do try , sir . Hmm . Now you 're with us as a radio economist , aren 't you ? Yes , sir . And so we treat our radio economists well . They get rapid promotion . You 're working one and a half day a week , - aren 't you ? - Yes , sir . Well , soon you 'll be allowed to work maybe three , even four days like myself . Oh , that would be great , sir . But not if black marks come from the Ration Office saying that you are lazy , slothful , failing in your duty as a consumer citizen of the state . But look at my record , sir . For years I 've been very good . I mean , I consumed everything I 've been told to . You do not seem to understand , Morrey . This is no excuse for your present idleness . We are undergoing a severe economic crisis . The people of this land are being asked to let out their belts , take their shoulders off the wheel . They have to eat more , drink more , drive more cars , wear out more clothes and generally enjoy themselves more , and work less . This country is overproducing . Our automatic factories , our robots are making much too much of everything and it has to be consumed . Want not , Morrey , waste not . But , sir , if we could just cut down on production and underprivileged citizens like myself wouldn 't have to eat and drink so much , and live in such big houses , and drive big cars , and wear themselves out enjoying themselves . But how do you cut down production without destroying the whole system ? By programming the robots to use up the goods themselves . But this is heresy . Robots are made to work , not to have a good time . But if we built into them satisfaction circuits ... What do you know about satisfaction circuits ? Well , you see , I have been working on them , sir , but as I am only allowed a day and a half a week- - I 'm telling you , Morrey , you should pay less attention to your work and more attention to enjoying yourself . Is that clear ? Yes , sir . Edward , show Mr. Anderson out . I can show myself out . Thank you . Robots are here to serve you . They open and shut the doors . I 'm beginning to think , Morrey , that you are heading for a complete nervous breakdown . [ robot hums in agreement ] Good evening , Henry . Good evening , sir . - Good evening , George . - Good evening , sir . [ George ] It is the new suite of furniture , sir . [ Morrey ] But we haven 't worn out the other two yet . Good evening , madam . Not another one ! Yes , another one . Oh , Morrey , this is too much . I 'm fed up . Darling , please . Not in front of the robots . Oh , go away . Go on , go away , all of you , get out ! Get out , all of you ! I 'm telling you , Morrey , I can 't stand it . I can 't . I 've tried and I can 't . Oh , shut up . After all , you married me for better or for worse . But mother never told me it would be like this . What does your mother know about lower class life ? Living in that little cottage with just one servant ? It 's all your fault , Edwina . I was all right until I married you . Then , of course , they doubled the ration and now I have to consume your share because you won 't . Mr. Wainwright said today- - Mr. Wainwright ! To hell with Mr. Wainwright . [ clattering ] Well , you can 't live by bread alone . [ books clatter ] Cake , you mean . Morrey , if you could give me some kind of love , I could bear all this . I haven 't got time for love , I 'm too busy consuming . Well , consume me . Just once , consume me a little . Time for tea , sir . Oh , go away , Henry . [ Henry ] Very good , sir . You say you 're consuming , but you spend all your time in the cellar , working , on satisfaction circuits . - That 's my hobby . - It 's work . And it 's criminal to work outside office hours . A man 's entitled to work when he wants to . Not when he 's not consuming his wife . If you don 't start again soon , I 'll leave you . - Edwina ! - Oh . Tea is served , sir . I 'm sorry , Henry , I can 't face it . I 'm going out to get drunk . That he therefore took the said 100 dozen tins of baked beans as part of his ration , and having spiked a hole in each , buried them at the bottom of his garden . [ judge ] How does the prisoner plead ? Guilty , my Lord . Fourteen days imprisonment with baked beans at every meal . But I hate baked beans , sir . I 'll eat anything but baked beans . - Next , please . - Not baked beans . No , no , no , no ... [ counsel ] Mr. Morrey Anderson , my Lord . Morrey ! [ counsel ] The prisoner was found drunk in the old city and behaving in a way - likely to cause public unrest . - [ judge ] In what way ? [ counsel ] He burnt his ration book . - With all the stamps ? - Yes , my Lord . [ judge ] How does he plead ? I don 't remember . I was drunk . How do you plead ? Guilty . Guilty . Mr. Anderson , you may think that because you are my son-in-law , I shall deal less harshly with you . Having married into a privileged class , however , does not give you the right to go about trying to undermine the constitution of the state . You are hereby reduced from Class Seven consumer to Class Ten , and the privilege of working for your living will be completely taken away from you . - But , Dad- - - Kindly call me ' my Lord ' . my Lord , I ... I was all right until I married your daughter . You will not bring my daughter into this . I warned her mother against the match . Well , I wish you 'd warned me . And the court recommends that you be seen by an analyst . And don 't let me see you here again . Next case . I 'm leaving . Leaving ? You didn 't come home all night . I ... I was out on the town . It 's obvious now that I mean nothing to you . Going back to Dad 's , are we ? Yes . Good . Well , I 'm glad . You don 't eat , you don 't spend anything , you don 't want to go out anywhere . You go back to your father 's , take your Class ten ration card with you . - Class Ten ? - Yes , that 's right . I got drunk last night and he reduced me to the ranks this morning in court . [ exhales ] You were up before daddy ? Yeah . - Henry . - Yes , sir . Load all my wife 's junk in her cars . ln fact , take all her stuff out of my house and dump it at her father 's . - Morrey , he 'll have a fit . - Good . Let him find out what it 's like to be saddled with a member of the proletariat . Sir , the telephone . The state analyst is on the line . He has made an appointment for you . Why don 't you go away and fuse yourself ? [ low electronic whirring ] I hate robots . I hate robots . I hate robots . Why do you hate robots ? I don 't know . I just hate robots . When did you really start hating them ? I don 't know . Remember , Morrey , you are under the truth gun , you cannot lie . [ sonic whirring ] Now , when did you start hating robots ? You have a great big wart on the end of your nose . Why don 't you like robots ? I don 't like you either . I don 't like psychiatrists . I don 't like psychiatrists . They all have warts on the end of their noses . You know what your trouble is ? What ? You don 't like robots . Is that what I said under the truth gun ? Yes . You started saying that when you were very young , your father asked you what you wanted for a birthday present . And you replied ... Yes , I remember . A little puppy . Ah , but when your birthday came , what did he give you ? A robot . A dirty , great robot of my own . And you said quite violently , " l hate robots " , and you went on saying it . This is the root of your problem . Of course , it took your marriage to bring it out . My marriage ? What 's it got to do with that ? My wife hates robots , too . Ah , but she was brought up differently in a Class Two environment . She is not used to the sort of life you 're expected to lead . You , you should love robots . They 're there to please you , they do what you tell them to do , and yet you hate them ? Look , why don 't you put him on the couch , - see if he hates me . - Machines can 't hate . They can only do what they are programmed to do . Well , in that case , it 's about time somebody programmed them to feel . - Then they might be worth living with . - Mr. Anderson . No . They 're killing me with activity . To survive , I 'd have to become as automatic as they are . Look , I have to see two movies every night , read 12 books a week , drive one car 100 miles , change my clothes for every new activity . I end up by being more of a machine than they are . You need a hobby . - What ? Hobby ? - Yes . Hobby . Well , why not try music , body building and reading poetry ? Preferably all at the same time . [ music plays ] " l shot an arrow into the air . It fell to Earth , I know not where . But so swiftly- - " I can let myself out . Come back and see me again next week . That man is dangerous . [ muffled conversation ] Hey , you . Man 's best friend , give us another Scotch . Man 's best friend used to be a dog . Yeah , that- - Now you have got us . Yeah . We are man 's best friend . Yeah , that 's right . Gideon , what a name . Gideon 20 . Well , they are running short of names . I 'm a third generation robot myself . We get names like Gideon . There were 20 of us Gideons manufactured at the factory for bar work . I was the last one out . I 'll tell you a story . I 'm programmed to tell stories , you know . Well , I will tell you a story . There was this Englishman , there was this Scotsman and there was this Irishman . Did they ever build a satisfaction circuit into you ? Do you not want to listen to this story ? Well , did they ? What is a satisfaction circuit ? Well , I mean , it ... Don 't you ever feel pleased with what you do ? I do what customers tell me to do . Well , take that bottle of Scotch and pour it down the sink . [ bar goes silent ] Go on . Do what I say . [ robotic warning siren ] [ louder siren blares ] Brother , you 're going to get yourself in serious trouble doing a thing like that . - I don 't know why or how . - Hey , just a minute . Aren 't you the bloke who burned his ration book in here last week ? I don 't know what came over me then , either . I think you better come and meet some friends of mine . Come on . [ muffled chatter in bar ] [ footsteps approaching ] You 're all revolutionaries ? That 's right , mate . ln the forefront of any fighting , that 's where we are . And we could use a bloke like you . Well , you see , I 'm not really very interested in politics . I 'm just an economics engineer who , you know , doesn 't like robots , since his father didn 't buy him a little dog . You 're in trouble , Anderson . Every day your attitude becomes more offensive to the government . Very soon you 'll find yourself using up army equipment in the state controlled wars . - Using up boots . - Using up uniforms . - Using up guns . - Using up bullets . And then you 'll be dead . What is it you want me to do ? Eliminate the president . Murder Sir John ? Political assassination is not murder . Well , you see , I 'm not really very good at that sort of thing . But you have entry to the Ministry , even to his office . Well , you see , I 've been barred from working at the Ministry and no one 's allowed in his office unless , of course it 's very , very important . You have a reason . Sir John is not only president , he 's also Chief Minister for Economic Affairs . The sentence of the court was unjust . According to Ministry Regulations , you have the right to appeal directly to him . I don 't want to spend the rest of my life circling the Earth in Dartmoor V. Once he 's dead , we will come to power . You will be given many privileges . You will never have to consume anything again . Except a lightly boiled egg for breakfast . A grilled sole for lunch with salad . A little roast beef in the evening . Just a little with a half bottle of wine . ln a little cottage by the sea . And we 'll let you work all week . I 'm sorry , gentlemen . I don 't think I can go through with it . - Throw him to the police ! - But I 'll tell them everything ! I 'll tell , I 'll tell ! They 'll never believe you ! [ counsel ] Morrey Anderson , that he did cause a riot and disturbance by ordering the said robot bartender , Gideon 20 , to pour the said bottle of whisky down down the said sink , of the said bar . [ judge ] How does he plead ? Guilty , my Lord . Reduced to Class 12 , backdated one year . But , my Lord , if you 'd just let me explain- - And ordered to consume seven dozen cases of whisky within 14 days . my Lord , there is a conspiracy at force- - Silence , you paranoid ! - They want to shoot- - - Be quiet ! And what is more , I have deposited your wife back upon your front doorstep . Don 't you try to lumber me with your economic problems . Next case ! It 's this man who refuses to eat baked beans , Your Lordship . It 's not the beans I mind , it 's the sauce . I hate the smell . And what kind of sauce is it , Counsel ? It 's tomato sauce and I can 't stand tomato sauce . [ judge ] Don 't they come in any other kind of sauce ? No , they do not . Haven 't you ever tasted them ? I have never seen one , let alone tasted one . Kindly produce for me one baked bean . [ counsel ] Exhibit A , one baked bean , Your Lordship . Thank you . Yes . Well it looks all right to me . But there are thousands of them and they 're all stuck together with tomato sauce ! I 'm back . I know . How ? Just seen your father again . Oh , no . Well , what happened this time ? [ rumbling ] Mr. Morrey Andersen , Class 12 ration papers backdated one year . Class 12 ration papers backdated one year . Seven dozen cases of whisky to be consumed within 14 days . New carpets , curtains , sheets , blankets , kitchenware , lawnmowers , bicycles , tennis courts , trampolines , swimming pools , automobiles and an aeroplane . Use up that lot then or you 're in trouble . Darling ? [ Morrey ] Yes , darling ? I think I 'll get a divorce . What ? - We are incompatible . - Well , what about the alimony ? I 'm not using your half of your worldly goods every week . You see what 's happening to you ? Are you ready to help us now ? No . Go away . Who was that ? It 's a man who wants me to shoot the Prime Minister . [ sobbing ] Oh , Morrey , you 're mixing with the wrong people . Look , never mind the weeping . Come and help me clear this lot up . And where are we going to put it ? We are not going to put it anywhere . We are going to use it up . Like this ! And like this ! Oh , Morrey , I 'm going upstairs . I 've got a headache . Well , make sure you take at least 100 tablets . And use all the powders , and use all the milk . Make sure you use it up . Use it all up . Psst . - What are you doing that for ? - Go away . Is there something wrong with your motor nerves ? I 'm using up the furniture . Oh , then I 'll help you . What are you doing here anyway ? It 's a part of my job . What is your job ? I 'm a burglar . - A burglar ? - Yeah . I was having a look around the place and suddenly I thought to myself , funny , this place belongs to Morrey Anderson . So I thought I 'd say hello and see if you 'd changed your mind . What on earth were you going to steal from my house ? Oh , I don 't steal . I put things in . What do you say , people give you money to put things in other people 's houses ? That 's right . So if I gave you something , you could take all this lot and dump it somewhere else ? That 's right . Oh , I don 't know . It 'll cost you a fortune to get rid of all this lot . Well , I haven 't got a fortune . Well , nobody has . That 's the trouble with burgling , it 's a very poor trade these days . - Just a minute . - What ? There is something you could steal for me . What ? The feeder circuits for the Mark VI Robot . They 're locked in a strong room in the Ministry of Electronics . What do you want to steal them for ? Satisfaction circuits . Satisfaction circuits ? They 're experimental things . I was working on them . The revolutionaries would be very interested in them . Oh , well , if it is for the revolutionaries . Hmm . But we better try them out ourselves first before we hand them over . Well , let 's get hold of the perishing things for a start . Honestly , I don 't know how your mind works . - Come on . - Come on . Nice office this . Prime Minister 's Office . Prime Minister 's ? You never said- - [ high-pitched sonic whirring ] I never noticed that door before . That door shut because you stepped in the way of some current . Come on , let 's get out of here . Not until we get those circuits . Well , where are they kept ? This is not a public park , you know . We better get out of here before we 're caught . Through this door here . [ sonic whirring ] Good morning , good morning , good morning . Sorry I 'm late for breakfast . Good morning , Mr. Morrey . Good morning , Henry . It 's all right , Henry . I can pour my own . Thank you . [ electronic gurgling ] Having trouble with your circuits , Henry ? What am I wasting now ? You 're wasting me , sir , as usual . You know , Henry , if you weren 't a robot , I 'd say you got out of the wrong side of the bed this morning . There are 65 pork chops , sir , in the refrigerator begging to be eaten . Why don 't you eat them yourself ? I do not feel like them , sir . Well , I 'll tell you what . Get this place cleaned up , get my cars out there , washed and shining . - Yes , sir . - And tell the chauffeur ... There are three of them , sir . Well , tell all three of them to get in their respective cars and drive to John O 'Groats . Each bring me half bottle of Scotch whisky . Tell my pilot to fly to Russia , bring me a box of caviar and get six robots out on the front lawn and cutting it with razor blades . From now on , you lot are going to work . Yes , sir . And tonight , Henry , you are going to eat 65 pork chops . But I 'm not equipped to- - Ah-ah-ah . Off you go , Henry . All of you . Morrey ! What 's come over you ? You 're so masterful . You today , Edwina , are going to help me do something rather wicked . But , Morrey- - If you don 't , I shall tie you to the weight reducing machine and keep you there till you 're a small puddle of fat on the bathroom floor . Oh , Morrey ! Now get upstairs and keep a lookout . Oh . [ plane taking off ] When he gets back from Russia , I shall send him to China for some rather special tea . [ electronic whirring , chiming ] A Mr. Fred to see you , sir . Morning , morning , morning . You got them , Fred ? What do you think ? - That 's them all right . - Now what ? Now we tackle them one by one , flip them over on their backs , take out their main circuits and substitute these . Have you ever tried to put a robot over on his back ? They 're very powerful , you know . Yeah . Well , we shall have to use a little subterfuge . You get six months for assaulting a robot , and death if you do one in . They are very sensitive . - Get away . - [ Fred ] That 's a fact . Henry . Oh , Henry . A little soda for Mr. Fred 's whisky , Henry , please . Yes , sir . I cannot see it anywhere , sir . It 's over there , Henry . I cannot see it . Well , it 's there , Henry . I did not put it there . I did , you fool . Robots are not programmed to be foolish , sir . All right , Henry . I stand corrected . Is that all , sir ? Henry , take off my shoe . What have you done to me , sir ? I feel awful . And so you should , Henry . You 're feeling for the first time in your life . I feel awful . Life is awful , Henry . Yeah , that 's what human beings feel all the time . Awful . Now , Henry , I want you to help me . We 're going to do to the others exactly what we 've done to you . Why , sir ? Well , because I need your help , Henry . I 'm in a jam . Don 't you want to help me , Henry ? Quite frankly , no , sir . Well , don 't you like me , Henry ? No , sir . And what is more , I do not think you like me either . Well , in that case you 'd better stay here , I suppose . Here you are , have a drink . - And sit down , Henry . - Yeah , sit down . Me ? Sit down ? Yeah , make yourself comfortable . Very good , sir . There are 28 of them . Oh , it will take us all day . Here , Henry , and don 't over satisfy your circuit . [ Morrey ] George ! George ! [ George ] Yes , master . [ banging ] [ Morrey ] Go and see Henry , George , have a drink . [ Morrey ] Stevo , label 23 ! [ banging ] [ Morrey ] Basil , come here , Basil , a minute . [ Fred ] Mavis ! Mavis 49 ! [ Morrey ] Bert , I want to see you , Bert ! [ banging ] [ Fred ] Joseph ! Joseph 23 . [ Morrey ] Harry , come here , Harry . Come on , Harry . [ banging ] [ Morrey ] Percy , you got a moment ? [ Fred ] Kenneth . Kenneth . [ low sonic pulsing ] [ Kenneth ] Get me out of here . [ Morrey ] And you- - Yes , yes . George the second ... So this is what whisky is like . [ Morrey and Fred 's voices in background ] I do not understand what all the fuss is about . [ Morrey ] Jim . Jim , come here , Jim . Jim . [ low sonic pulsing ] [ distant voices and commotion ] [ chattering and singing ] Morrey ! Morrey ! All right , boys and girls , Fred , give me a hand . [ chattering and singing ] I thought I told you to keep watch . - But , Morrey- - - Well , keep watch . George . George , do you like me , George ? I love you , Morrey . Well , get on that bicycle and pedal it till I tell you to stop . [ clacking of tennis rackets and chattering ] Martha , see those chairs , sit on them . Come on . After me . That 's it . Come on . All six of them till the end of the week . That 's it , boy . Charlie . Charlie , do you know how to play tennis ? Well , now you are going to learn , you know . Fifteen-love ! Hey , come on , Richard , up and down . [ shouting and commotion ] Morrey , what 's happened ? I tell you what 's happened . I 'm making a comeback . Whee ! [ laughing and shouting ] [ continued commotion ] [ thudding of punch bag ] [ clicking of typewriter ] [ banging and thudding ] [ screeching ] [ clanging and thudding continues ] We 've used everything . We 've beaten the system . [ applause ] [ muffled conversation ] [ glasses crash ] Scotch on the rocks . I am sorry . I am not programmed to serve alcohol to machines . Are you practising some kind of prejudice ? No , I am not prejudiced . I am just not programmed to serve machines . Are you calling me a machine , you dirty robot ? You are a machine . I am not a machine . I 'm a robot . And I 'm proud that I 'm a robot . [ electronic siren ] [ indeterminable robotic singing ] [ siren continues ] [ man ] Never seen a drunk robot before . Do you mind ? Drunk ? A robot drunk ? What 's his name ? Henry , my Lord . Henry 397 121 , my Lord . Henry 397 121 , what have you to say for yourself ? It is quite ridiculous , sir . I am not programmed to get drunk . [ judge ] Is he programmed to get drunk , fight , assault the police and generally create a disturbance ? - [ counsel ] No , my Lord . - To whom does he belong ? [ counsel ] Mr. Morrey Anderson , my Lord . Morrey Anderson ! I 'm here , my Lord . [ judge ] Yes , I might have known you 'd be at the bottom of this outrage ! Would you like a tablet , my Lord ? You seem to be on the verge of a coronary . I would not like a tablet ! I want an explanation of this ! And I want my robot back . May I remind you , my Lord , that during the past few weeks , my rate of consumption as a Class 12 citizen has been 220 percent above the national average . I am an avant-garde hero , doing more for the state than anyone else in the land . And I 'm far too busy to be bothered with impertinent questions , from the likes of you . [ Morrey ] I 'd be very pleased if you 'd throw out these ridiculous charges , which have been fabricated by witnesses of no character , and by jealous policemen who are obviously seeking promotion . Is this true that his CR is 220 percent above the NA ? [ counsel ] Yes , my Lord . Step down out of there , Henry . [ counsel ] This is a court of law , Anderson . All courts of law , Mr. Counsel , are machines constructed for the wasting of time . I have no time to spare . Come , Henry , let us go . [ judge ] Case dismissed ! Have all the witnesses demoted one class . Very good , my Lord . And that includes you . Yes , my Lord . [ banging and clattering ] [ banging continues ] [ applause ] [ glass shattering ] Morrey Anderson . Let me have this week 's report . And this is better than last week 's . How does he do it ? It only shows you , Edward 23 , what a little stick does to a man . Of course , he can come back and work here anytime . The chap 's a hero . I want to speak to the Prime Minister . Wainwright here . Give a man stick and he turns up trumps . Hello , Sir John . I should like personally to ask Morrey Anderson to come back and work here . You 've seen the papers ? Thank you , Sir John . I thought perhaps a title of some sort , in next month 's honours . Thank you , Sir John . Of course , Sir John . Well , I 'm pleased for the department , of course , little reflected glory . Thank you , Sir John . Edward , I am going personally to Morrey Anderson 's home . Personally . [ clattering ] [ commotion intensifies ] [ gulping ] [ low sonic pulsing ] I just got back from Skegness , sir , with some rock . Good . Go , get back and get another stick . But the automobile 's clapped out . Then turn it in and get a new one . [ Henry sniffs ] [ Henry ] Do I smell burning ? [ alarm rings faintly ] [ munching , gulping ] [ inaudible ] Has Wainwright gone ? [ robot ] Sir ? To Mr. Anderson 's . [ robot ] Why , yes , Sir John . I want to see Anderson myself . Have him brought here . He 's only out of order . [ robots wailing ] Why don 't you all go back to work ? Okay ? Go on , back to work . Let 's drag him out of here . [ electronic chiming ] Henry . He 's upstairs , still eating . [ wailing continues ] [ beeps ] Henry , don 't go . You 've got ketchup all over your face . Very good , Edwina . Now , Henry , I want you to hide yourself . Quickly. in here . Oh , Henry , I want you get inside this cupboard and stay there 'til we tell you to come out . All right ? It 's Mr. Wainwright . Wainwright ? Fred , downstairs . Stop them making that racket . Erm ... Yes , yes . Let him in . [ clattering ] [ Wainwright ] Can I have a word with your husband ? [ Edwina ] Yes . I trust he is at home ? Ah , good afternoon , Morrey . So sorry to interrupt you while you are consuming . That 's quite all right , Wainwright , but , of course , you do realize I 'm engaged on work of national importance . Oh , yes . Of course , Morrey , of course . Come on , Wainwright . Come to the point . Well , it 's just that ... you are going to be the biggest hero in the whole country . You 're going to be given every honour . Sir John himself is very interested in you . - Sir John ? - Yes . And I want you to come back and work for my department in the government . - Your department ? - Yes , Morrey . Well , you know just how old friends we are . Well , I 'll think about it . What ? But it 's a great privilege . Yes , I said I 'll think about it . But , Morrey ... Wainwright , duty calls . Three more chickens , Edwina . - But , Morrey ... - As I said , Wainwright , when I am less busy , I will consider it . Yes , Morrey . Of course , Morrey . Anything you say , Morrey . But do come back to the department , I can get you three days ' work a week . Three days , Morrey . [ coughing ] [ Wainwright ] Mrs. Anderson , please try to make him change his mind . [ door slams ] Oh , that got rid of him . Henry , Henry . Henry , this is serious , and all you can think about is eating . I 'm afraid I 've become a compulsive eater , sir . Henry , you 'll get fat . Robots do not get fat , Edwina . All right , go on eating till you burst like George . - George ? - Yes . He 's down in the cellar . He 's blown his circuits . Poor George . [ sobbing ] Now , Henry , stop " poor George " - ing , and help us get out of this mess . [ Henry ] You 're not meant to open a robot 's head . It is government property . You get- - Look , look , we 're all for the high jump unless we repair his computer . Screwdriver . Henry , do you know anything about George 's brain box ? Of course not . He is a Mark 4 Special , not like me . I am self-servicing except I have to be charged once a month . There isn 't a computer in George 's head . But there must be . He is a Mark 4 Special Robot . No , no , no , just a signal box and a transmitter . - Where 's his computer ? - I tell you , there isn 't one . Well , how did he operate then ? There must be a central control . Where ? At the Ministry of Electronics , where the Prime Minister lives . You and I saw it , that open door , the night we pinched the circuits . Remember that humming noise ? You mean to say every Mark 4 Special Robot has his thoughts read in the Prime Minister 's office ? Yes . Well , how many Mark 4 Special robots we got here then ? Well , there 's only the one . Only one issued to each family . The rest are , you know , hotel waiters , club bartenders . Oh , I see . Anywhere that 's perfect for keeping an eye out . - Yes . - So George was a dirty spy . Fred , you 'll have to see your lads in exile , right away ! A dirty spy . You 've got to see your chaps straight away . [ Edwina ] Morrey . Morrey , the police . They 're outside the house . Sir John wants to see you . They 've come to take you to him . Is it a social visit ? I don 't know . I think I 'll just dash out the back way . Oh , Fred , you 're not deserting us ? Oh , no . I 'm just running away . You will see your government in exile . Oh , yes , yes , of course . Yes , of course . Yes . Erm ... Stout fellow Fred . He 's gone off for reinforcements . [ footsteps upstairs ] Oh , Morrey . [ weeping ] Oh , this is it . Ah , Anderson , come for your title , have you ? Well , I don 't know . Well , all hail modesty . But if you 're not here for your title , why the guard of honour ? Well , I don 't know , I feel as if I 'm under arrest . Oh , what wit , what humour , what modesty . Well , I 'll see you later , old boy , back in the department I hope . [ knocks twice on door ] [ Prime Minister ] There 's no need for your robot to come in . I want him in . Very well . All the world knows , Mr. Anderson , that robots are our servants . They exist to serve us , to make our life easy . They exist so that men do not have to work . This is the time of the millennium . Mr. Anderson , man has now only to consume , and what has always been his wildest dream , has come true . But ... A few men have become dissatisfied with this state of affairs , jealous , interfering rebels who have the cheek to say that man has become the slave of automation . You must have met one or two , Mr. Anderson ? Yes , I have . And ... Do you agree with them ? Yes , I do . I mean- - Exactly what you say , Anderson . There is a truth gun pointing at you from that corner there , you 've come up against one before . Yes , in the analyst 's office . So what else do you believe , now that you are telling us the truth ? Well , I believe that we have become slaves of automation , and that the Mark 4 Special Robot is centrally controlled , probably from a computer which is right in this building . - Yes , Anderson ? - Maybe right through that door . Is it on the other side of that door ? Maybe it is . Maybe it isn 't . What else do you believe ? Well , I believe that any Prime Minister who controls that computer not only controls 25 million robots , but through them : us . - Isn 't that so ? - It may be so . Come , Prime Minister , you are within range of the truth gun . So that is what you were thinking when you got into this room ? What are you thinking now ? I was wrong . That everything I thought so far was wrong . - Indeed . - Yes . I was wrong to believe that it was you who controlled the central computer . And why were you wrong ? Because it 's the central computer that controls you . You are not a human being , Sir John . If you were , you would have been influenced by that truth gun . You are a robot . You are a Mark 6 robot . [ laughs manically ] Yes , you are right . The Prime Minister of this State is a computer . [ metallic tapping ] And I speak for it . And him , his family , his friends , everyone who ever knew him , got rid of . Henry ! [ crashing and sonic wall ] [ Henry ] The master switch . Find the master switch . Go after him ! [ low humming ] [ draining power ] [ humming stops , silence ] Henry ! Henry ! Come on , Henry , quick . [ loud creaking ] Uh , I am all right , if you can just twiddle my knobs a bit , sir . All right . Good thing you run on batteries . Oh , come on , sir , let us get out of here . Henry , you 're afraid . Afraid ? I 'm terrified . Good , Henry . At last you 're showing cowardice like a real human being . Stuff the philosophy , let us get out of here . [ Henry ] They 're all dead . [ Morrey ] They 're all dead . Ooh ! Wainwright , Wainwright , there 's going to be a revolution . Wainwright ? You are a robot , too . What the dickens is going on here ? Has someone cut off the power plant ? Wherever I go I seem to be tripping over damned robots ! Dad ! How many times do I have to tell you- - Oh , it 's just that you are human , you are human . Of course I 'm human , you ... What 's the matter with Wainwright ? He 's a robot . - A robot ? - Yeah . So is the Prime Minister and all the bosses in this building . For years , this country has been run by robots . You 're mad . Yeah ? Look , he 's a robot , all right . [ metallic tapping ] I don 't believe it . Wainwright , speak to me . Speak to me , man ! Damn it , we dine at the same club . You can 't be a robot . [ Edwina ] Morrey ? Oh , Morrey , I had to come . How did you get here ? With Fred and the revolutionaries . - They 've taken over . - Oh , darling . Who 's Fred ? He 's the provisional government . I 'll soon see about Fred . Morrey , you come with me . [ revolutionary ] Stand where you are ! - Who the devil are you ? - We are the revolutionaries . You 're the what ? And I 'm Fred . [ revolutionary 2 ] It 's all right , old man . There 's no need to panic . We 're in control . I am not panicking . Who the devil do you think you are ? I 'm the leader of the provisional government . And I am the Minister of Justice . And I am the Minister of War . And what 's more , we are human . Anyone want to prod or feel ? No , thank you . All right , as a provisional government , the first thing we do is to declare young Morrey here , the hero of the revolution . Morrey ! He will be the new boss in this department , and he will be in charge of seeing that everyone gets less of everything in the future . - My dear boy . - Thank you . Thank you very much indeed . The second thing is , we will declare a national holiday , so that everyone can go and work . Well done , well done . And the third thing is that all robots will be done away with . Done away with , sir ? You can 't do away with Henry . Well , you got to keep Henry . And one or two of the maids . - And the odd policeman . - And the bartenders . - Well- - - And a few street cleaners . - And porters . - And lavatory attendants . And those who work in the factories and on the farms . [ Henry ] You cannot do away with us , sir . [ intense arguing ] Here we go again .
