 [ theme music plays ] [ recorded male voice ] Above you , beneath you , around you is the Machine . The Earth , carrying you , speeds through space , turning you now to the invisible sun , now to the invisible stars . But deep down in the Machine , you have your own darkness , and your own light . Thanks to the universal establishment of the Machine , each of you , in your room , is in touch with all that you care for in the world . And if you have any queries , refer to the book published by the Central Committee . ln the book are instructions against every , possible contingency . If you are hot , or cold , or dyspeptic , or at a loss for a word , or how to phrase a sentence , go to the book . [ electronic buzzing ] I suppose I must see who it is . Who is it ? Mother ? It 's Kuno . I want to speak to you . Very well . I will isolate myself . I do not expect anything important will happen for the next five minutes . Yes , I give you fully five minutes , Kuno . Then I must deliver one of my lectures on music during the Australian period . [ whirring ] Be quick . Be quick , Kuno . Here I am in the dark , wasting my time ! I 've called you before , Mother , but you were always busy or isolated . I have something particular to say . Why couldn 't you have sent it by pneumatic post ? Because I prefer saying such a thing . I want you to come and see me . But I can see you ! From the other side of the Earth I can see you . What more do you want ? Pay me a visit . Come and stop with me . I want to see you , not through the Machine . I want to speak to you , not through the wearisome Machine . Shh ! You mustn 't say anything against the Machine . - Why not ? - One mustn 't , that 's all . You talk as if God had made the Machine . Men made it , do not forget that . Great men , but men . The Machine is much , but not everything . I see something like you in this plate , but I do not see you . I hear something like you in this receiver , but I do not hear you . That is why I want you to come , so that we can meet face to face , and talk ... about the hopes that are in my mind . I can scarcely spare the time for a visit . It barely takes two hours to fly between Australia and Devon . - I dislike the aeroship . - Why ? I dislike seeing the horrible brown Earth , and the sea , and the stars when it is dark . I get no ideas in the air . I do not get them anywhere else . What kind of ideas can the air give you ? Do you know four big stars that form an oblong ? And three stars close together in the middle of the oblong ? And hanging from these stars , three other stars ? I had an idea they were like a man . I don 't understand . The four big stars are the man 's shoulders , and his knees . The three in the middle are like belts that men wore once , and the three stars hanging are like a sword . It doesn 't strike me as a very good idea , but it 's certainly original . - When did it first come to you ? - In the aeroship . I want to see those stars again , not from the aeroship , but from the surface of the Earth , as our ancestors did . I want to visit the surface of the Earth . - Kuno ! - Mother , you must come . If only to explain to me , what is the harm of visiting the surface of the Earth . No harm , but no advantage . The surface of the Earth is only dust and mud , no life remains on it . You would need a respirator , or the cold of the outer air would kill you . One dies immediately in the outer air . I know . Of course I shall take all precautions . - And besides ... - Well ? It is contrary to the spirit of the age . You mean , contrary to the Machine ! ln a sense but ... Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! [ fragmented voices in Vashti 's head ] [ Kuno ] Men made it , do not forget that . [ Kuno ] I want you to come- - [ Vashti ] I dislike- - [ echoes ] [ Vashti ] No ideas ... ln the air- - [ Kuno ] I want to see you ... The Earth , he surface of the Earth- - [ Vashti ] Kuno ! [ fragmented echoes ] [ Vashti ] No harm , but no advantage . [ recording of Vashti ] And there was , at one time , in one of the civilisations before ours , high hope of neutralising the Earth 's diurnal revolution . But that hope , together with hopes that were possibly higher , have passed . Those were the old days , when men went out for a change of air , instead of changing the air in their rooms . Today I will do it . [ whirring ] I will not use the Machine , I will do it myself . [ steady beeping ] I must ... I must ! I must ! [ beeping continues ] I wish to put in an application to the Central Committee . I wish to put in an application to become a father . [ Machine ] Your application will be considered . You will be informed of the result in due course . [ running water ] [ recorded voice ] To keep pace with the sun , or even to outstrip it , had been the aim of the civilisation preceding our own . Racing aeroplanes were built for the purpose , capable of enormous speed . Horrible accidents occurred , and the committee of the Machine , at the time rising into prominence , declared the pursuit illegal , unmechanical , and punishable by homelessness . O machine , O machine , O machine . I have not the time . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] [ whirring ] [ rush of air ] Air ! [ whirring ] Air ... [ whirring continues ] I shall do it yet . [ woman over the Machine ] What is that new food like ? Can you recommend it ? The new food is horrible . The new make-up is a success . Have you had any ideas recently ? None of my own . But I have just been told one . That four stars and three in the middle are like a man . I doubt there is much in it . Who gave you that idea ? One of my sons . But I suppose it 's just the nonsense of a youthful man . Have you seen him since his removal to the public nurseries ? Yes , I made one visit there , and he came to visit me , until the Machine assigned him a room on the other side of the Earth . He visited you ? Yes , there was something special about Kuno . [ whirring ] [ electronic pulsing ] [ Machine ] Citizen Kuno , it is noted that you have a certain physical strength . ln these days , it is a demerit to be muscular . Each infant is examined at birth , and all who promise undue strength are destroyed . Man must be adapted to his surroundings , and the strong must suffer euthanasia . There would be grave danger , that , in the event of your becoming a father , your physical characteristics would be transmitted to your son . Therefore your application to become a father is refused , that the Machine may progress ... That the Machine may progress ... That the Machine may progress eternally ... [ echoes ] I wish to summon a respirator ! [ Vashti ] Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno , have you been to the surface of the Earth ? Not yet . Tell me what you wanted to tell me . I will not talk to you until you come . Use the communication system . I know all about the obsolete communication system . I 've studied the civilisation immediately preceding our own , and I know that it mistook the functions of the system , and used it for bringing people to things , instead of bringing things to people . Nowadays , spiritually minded people don 't travel . - Mother ! - Rapid intercourse , from which previous civilisations hoped so much , has ended up defeating itself . What 's the good of going to Pekin when it 's just like Shrewsbury ? Why return to Shrewsbury when it 's just like Pekin ? Nowadays , men seldom move their bodies . Yes , all unrest is concentrated in the soul . And besides ... it would mean direct experience . Why do you not come to me instead ? Because I cannot leave this place . Why not ? Because any moment something tremendous may happen . What ? I will not tell you through the Machine . Kuno . Kuno . Kuno , I cannot come to see you . I am not well . Doctor ... [ whirring ] [ Vashti 's heartbeat ] [ air rustling ] [ electric motor and rush of air ] [ thunderous explosion ] [ birds cawing ] [ gasping ] [ breathing ] [ deep , slow whirring ] [ birds cawing ] [ rustling ] [ pants ] [ gasps ] [ cawing continues ] Ah ! [ faint beeping ] [ faint electric fizzling ] [ loud electric fizzling ] [ loud electric fizzling ] [ screaming ] [ screams ] [ fizzling continues ] [ muffled screaming ] The duties of parents cease at the moment of birth , when the baby is removed to a public nursery . Kuno . Kuno . O Machine ... Attendant ? Attendant ! Who are they ? Young males sent out from the public nurseries , to inhabit the rooms of those who have died in the various parts of the Earth . He is on a homeward journey , sent to Sumatra for the purpose of propagating the race . - Where are we now ? - We are over Asia . Asia ? You must excuse my way of speaking . I 've got into the habit of calling places over which we pass , - by their unmechanical names . - Oh , I remember Asia . Those mountains on the right , let me show you them . [ whirring ] The Himalayas . Once called ... 'The Roof of the World' those mountains . What a foolish name . Advanced mechanical language is much more convenient , as taught in the Book . You must remember that before the dawn of civilisation , they seemed to be an impenetrable wall , that touched the stars . It was supposed that no one but the gods could exist above their summits . How we have advanced , thanks to the Machine . How we have advanced , thanks to the Machine . And that white stuff in the cracks . What is it ? I 've forgotten its name . Cover the windows , please . These mountains give me no ideas . We have indeed advanced . [ whirring ] I have had the most terrible journey , Kuno , and greatly retarded the development of my soul . It 's not worth it , Kuno , it 's not worth it . The sunlight almost touched my face . I can only stay a few moments , so say what you have to say and then I must return . I 've been threatened with homelessness . I 've been threatened with homelessness . I could not tell you such a thing through the Machine . Homelessness means death ! They will kill you ! What have you done ? I 've been outside since I spoke to you last . And they discovered me . But why shouldn 't you go outside ? It 's perfectly legal to visit the surface of the Earth , perfectly mechanical . One simply summons a respirator and gets an Egression permit . It 's not the kind of thing that spiritually minded people do , and I begged you not to do it , but there is no legal objection to it . I did not get an Egression permit . Then how did you get out ? - I found a way of my own . - I don 't understand . A way of my own . A way of your own ! But that would be wrong . Why ? You 're beginning to worship the Machine . You think it irreligious to have found out a way of my own . I worship nothing . I am most advanced . I do not think you irreligious , because there 's no such thing as religion left . All I meant was ... And besides , there is no new way out . So it is always supposed . Except through the vomitories , for which one must have an Egression permit , it is impossible to get out . The Book says so . Well , the Book 's wrong , for I have been outside on foot . Do you know that we have lost the sense of space ? Well , I determined to recover it and I began by walking up and down the tunnel outside my room . That was my first lesson . Man 's feet are the measure for distance , his hands are the measure for ownership , his body is the measure for all that is lovable , and desirable and strong . I developed my sense of space , and my muscles . I think I should have been content with this , but as I walked and brooded , it occurred to me , that our cities had been built when men still breathed the outer air , and that there had been ventilation shafts for the workmen . Had they been destroyed , by all the food tubes , and medicine tubes , and music tubes , that the Machine had evolved ? Or did traces of them remain ? One thing was certain . If I came upon them anywhere , it would be in the tunnels of the topmost storey . Don 't think that I was not a coward . It is not the proper thing , it is not mechanical , it 's not decent to walk along a tunnel . I did not fear that I might tread on a live rail and be killed . I feared something far more intangible doing what was not contemplated by the Machine . Then I said to myself , " Man is the measure " , and I went . Don 't . Don 't talk of these terrible things . You are throwing civilisation away . But I 'd got back the sense of space . I climbed out into the outer air . As I climbed , silence came . The Machine hums . Did you know that ? I thought , " This silence means that I am doing wrong . " But the spirits of the dead comforted me . I felt that , for the first time , a protest had been lodged against corruption , and all these tubes and buttons and machineries , neither came into the world with us , nor will they follow us out , neither do they matter supremely while we are here . Kuno , there is no room for such a person in the world . You are fated . I am ashamed to have borne such a son . Don 't touch me ! We are too different , Mother . I don 't think this is interesting you . There are no ideas in it . You have brought me across the world to hear you . So tell me what happened . I came out in the hills of Wessex . I knew it was Wessex , because I had taken care to study a lecture on the subject before starting . I was in a hollow . The air filled my hollow as water fills a bowl . I could crawl about . I breathed a mixture in which the air that hurts , predominated whenever I tried to climb the sides . I saw low , colourless hills . And I felt that those hills had called with incalculable force to men in the past , and that men had loved them . Now they sleep , perhaps for ever . But happy the man , happy the woman , who awakes the hills of Wessex . For though they sleep , they will never die . You talk like the old literature . We have harnessed Leviathan , Kuno . All this praise of nature , all this fear of nature , they ring false as the prattle of a child . Cannot you see , cannot all you lecturers see , that it is we who are dying . We created the Machine to do our will , but it cannot do our will now . It has robbed us of the sense of space , the sense of touch . It has blurred every human relation- - Nonsense ! I know several thousand people . Human relationship has advanced enormously . ln certain directions . But what of love ? The Machine has reduced love to a carnal act . Oh , the Machine develops , but not on our lines . The Machine proceeds , but not to our goal . If it could work without us , it would let us die . - Blasphemies , blasphemies ! - Oh , I have no remedy or at least , only one . To tell men , again and again ... Blasphemies . Blasphemies . ... that I have seen the hills of Wessex , as Alfred saw them when he overthrew the Danes . That is not what I meant . Tell me how you returned to civilisation . You crawled along the surface of the Earth to a vomitory , and there your conduct was reported to the Central Committee ? By no means . I had a pool of air , which was escaping from the ventilation shaft . But by evening , the air had begun to stop . Not until it was too late , did I realise what the stoppage implied . You see , the gap in the tunnel had been mended . Yes . The Mending Apparatus . The Mending Apparatus was after me . Worms , long white worms ... I cried out , I cried for help . I was dragged away from the living hills and the last thing I saw before the stopper closed over us were certain clouds , and I knew that a man of my sort lived in the sky . Then I woke up in this room , surrounded by artificial air , artificial light , artificial peace . - It will end in homelessness . - I wish it would . The Machine has been most merciful . I prefer the mercy of God . By that superstitious phrase , do you mean you could live in the outer air ? Yes . Have you ever seen round the vomitories , the bones of those who were extruded after the Great Rebellion ? - Yes . - They were left where they perished for our edification . A few crawled away , but they too perished . Who can doubt it ? And so with the homeless of our own day . The surface of the Earth supports life no longer . Ferns and a little grass maybe , but all higher forms have perished . Has any aeroship detected them ? No . Has any lecturer dealt with them ? No . Then why this obstinacy ? Because I have seen her in the sunlight . Because she came to my help when I called . Because she , too , was entangled by the worms and , luckier than I , was killed by one of them piercing her throat ! [ whirring ] He is mad . [ low humming ] I want to summon a respirator . [ Machine ] That , and nothing else ? Nothing else . No gloves for your hands ? No hygienic clothes ? - No dietetic tabloids ? - No . Respirators have been abolished . Abolished ! But why ? Advanced thinkers have always held it foolish to visit the surface of the Earth . It is unproductive of ideas , and has no connection with the habits that really matter . Those who still want to know what the Earth is like , have only to look into some cinematophote . [ whirring ] Who 's there ? Who 's there ? [ electric fizzling ] [ steady bleeping ] [ fizzling and bleeping becoming louder ] [ woman over Machine ] Have you seen him ? [ Vashti ] No . I haven 't communicated with my son for nearly two Machine years . - We have nothing in common . - What happened ? He was reverting to some savage type . The very hair on his head showed that . On atavism the Machine can have no mercy . What did he do ? He wanted to go outside , to the surface of the Earth . He went , without an Egression permit . How extraordinary . What did the Central Committee think about that ? They were most displeased . They threatened him with homelessness . - Only threatened ? - Fortunately for him . What a distressing time it must have been for you . I find comfort in the Machine , my friend . A strange feeling of peace comes over me when I handle the Book . I believe I am growing more spiritual . Naturally . The Machine feeds us , and clothes us , and houses us . The Machine is the friend of ideas and the enemy of superstition . The Machine is omnipotent , eternal . - Blessed is the Machine . - Yes . I think it is the Mending Apparatus , that most impresses me . I often ask it to intercede on my behalf . - For me it is the Book . - Praise the Machine . Praise the Machine . I asked for euthanasia again today . Why ? My lecture was unsuccessful . I wanted the homelessness that is beyond all human conception . I am easily depressed these days . The death rate is not permitted to exceed the birth rate . - Were you refused ? - Yes . Oh , there was never a more unfortunate woman than myself . I can 't even be sure of my lecture music these days . It gets worse and worse each time I summon it . I , too , have my troubles . Sometimes my ideas are interrupted by a slight jarring noise . What is it ? I do not know , whether it is inside my head or inside the wall . - Complain , in either case . - I have complained . My complaint was forwarded to the Committee of the Mending Apparatus . What did they say ? They said the defect would be put right shortly . - Praise the Machine . - Praise the Machine . [ high-pitched whirring ] [ Vashti ] I wish to complain to the Committee of the Mending Apparatus . It 's about my music . It still gets worse and worse . [ Machine ] The defect will be set right shortly . Shortly ? At once ! Why should I be worried by imperfect music ? If you do not mend it at once , I shall complain to the Central Committee . No personal complaints are received by the Central Committee . To whom should I make my complaint then ? - Through us . - I complain then . Your complaint shall be forwarded in its turn . Have others complained ? That question is unmechanical . The Committee cannot answer it . [ buzzing ] Who is it ? I 'm tired . Mother ? - Who is it ? - Kuno . [ Vashti ] Where are you ? What happened to you ? [ Kuno ] I 'm well . I was transformed not far away from you . We are quite close . Visualise your face . The Machine has been most merciful . You could have been rendered homeless . I know . Instead they have merely kept me in my cell , denied me all human contact , refused me permission to become a father , abolished respirators- - Why have you called me ? I have discovered a new thought . Tell it to me then . It 's a terrible thought , it will frighten you . Fear is out of date . Tell me . The Machine stops . What do you say ? The Machine is stopping . I know the signs . [ scoffs ] Can you imagine anything more absurd ? [ chuckling ] I know the signs , I tell you . The bath water is no longer fresh , the artificial fruit is mouldy . There are defective rhymes emitted - by the poetry machine . - Don 't be angry . I couldn 't help laughing . Even if your ridiculous ideas were true , the Mending Apparatus would soon put all these things right . No one understands the Machine as a whole any more . What nonsense ! There are master brains who understand every part of it . Those master brains have perished . They have left full directions . True , but their successors have each of them only mastered a portion of those directions . This is the madness , Kuno , madness of another kind . Have you had no troubles ? I have detected a slight ... sigh at the crisis of the Brisbane Symphony , that is all I have to complain of . What does it sound like ? Like someone in pain . But the Committee of the Mending Apparatus tell me that it shall be remedied shortly . Have you complained to the Committee of the Mending Apparatus ? Of course . Complain again , and see what happens . Kuno ! Kuno ! Ridiculous boy . Absurd ! The Machine stops ! The phrase means nothing , nothing at all . [ random voices echoing ] Someone is meddling with the Machine ! Someone is trying to make himself king , to introduce the personal element . Punish the man with homelessness . To the rescue ! Avenge the Machine ! Avenge the Machine ! War ! Kill the man ! [ laughing ] [ clanking ] What 's happened ? It will not work . Are you there ? Are you there , my friend , or are you asleep ? [ woman over Machine ] How can I sleep ? Over the whole world , Vashti , think of it , over the whole world . ln Sumatra , in Wessex , in the innumerable cities of Courtland and Brazil , beds failed to appear . [ buzzing ] [ Machine ] Your attention , please . This is an official announcement by the Committee of the Mending Apparatus . There has been widespread failure in the appearance of beds . There should be no panic . Repeat , there should be no panic . The reason is simple and un-alarming . The Mending Apparatus is itself in need of mending . [ woman over machine ] I see . A frank confession . ln its own good time it will resume its duties . Don 't worry . The Machine still links us . Under the seas , beneath the roots of the mountains , run the wires through which we see and hear . - But have you heard the rumour ? - What rumour ? - About euthanasia . - I 've heard nothing . There is a rumour that euthanasia , too , is out of action . And that pain and suffering have reappeared among men . Impossible ! I cannot believe it . You have been listening to subversive gossip , Vashti . It will land you in trouble one day . Why ? I have heard talk of ' measures ' . - What measures ? - Oh , it was hysterical talk , of course , but someone was mentioning the possibility of a ' provisional dictatorship ' . The inhabitants of Sumatra have even been asked to familiarise themselves with the workings of the central power station ... in case . If the Machine has any enemies , I 'm sure they will soon be got under . I have heard that new nerve centres are evolving , to do the work even more magnificently than before . Yes , courage ... Courage ! What matters so long as the Machine goes on ? To it the darkness and the light are one ! Excuse me , I have a lecture to give . [ Vashti over recorder ] I shall continue my lecture on Australian music ... [ becoming crackly , distorted ] ... in the pre-Mongolian period . Describing the great outburst of song that followed the Chinese conquest . [ Vashti 's voice becomes increasingly fragmented ] Remote and primeval ... [ crackling ] as were the methods of l-San-So and the Brisbane School . Yet , I think that study of these might repay the musicians of today . They had , above all , freshness . They had ... ideas . At last . What 's happened ? I complain ! Friends ! Friends ! There was no applause , it 's most distressing ! I am greatly in need of sympathy ... Friends ! [ crackling ] The Machine stops ... [ speaking quickly ] I wish to make a complaint to the Central Committee , I wish to complain to the Committee of the Mending Apparatus , I wish to complain ... [ repeating rapidly ] [ whirring ] What 's wrong ? Silence ! [ high-pitched sonic wailing ] [ man screams ] [ high-pitched sonic wailing ] [ sonic wailing continues ] [ thunderous explosion ] I am trying to find the way to the cell of Vashti , daughter of Morder . Sacred Book ! Holy Book ! Save me from this ! I pray , I venerate you ... Bring back civilisation ! Don 't let it end ! [ weeping ] Kuno ! I want to see my Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! [ wheezing ] Kuno ! Kuno ! [ whirring ] [ screams ] [ crash ] [ Vashti ] Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! Kuno ! [ Kuno ] Mother . - Where are you ? - Here ... - Is there any hope ? - None ... for us . Century after century we have toiled . Is this our reward ? - Where are you ? - Over here . Quicker ... I 'm dying . The air is going . [ panting ] Man is dying , Mother . Man , flower of all flesh , the noblest of all creatures visible . Man , who has once made God in his own image , and has mirrored his strength on the constellations , man is dying , strangled in the garments he has woven . But we touch , we talk , not through the Machine . Yes , you were right , Kuno . I know now what was important on Earth . We have come back to our own . We die , but we have recaptured life . We know what they know outside . Kuno , is it true ? Are there still men on the surface of the Earth ? Is this tunnel really not the end , this poisoned darkness ? I have seen them , Mother . They are hiding in the mist and the ferns , until our civilisation stops . Today , they are the homeless . Tomorrow ... Oh , tomorrow ! Some fool will start the Machine again tomorrow . Never . Never ! Humanity has learnt its lesson . [ thunderous explosion ] [ air rustling ] [ wind blowing loudly ]
