 [ theme music plays ] So now in the name of our omnipotent creator , we the chosen , commit to the vast , eternal and immutable eon the body of our late Captain Zachariah Peters . May the Lord , God of our Fathers , whose wrath striketh down the deviate , have mercy upon His astral spirit . Amen . [ crowd ] Amen . # Onward Christian soldiers # # Marching as to war # # With the cross of Jesus # # Going on before # # Christ , the royal master # # Leads against the foe # # Forward into battle # # See his banners go # # Onward Christian soldiers # # Marching as to war # # With the cross of Jesus # # Going on before # ln accordance to standing orders , since the death of my father , I automatically took over control of this station . That is all . Return to duty . [ lift whirs ] Zenna ... I think your thought conditioning is weakening . After all , Dr. Francis , he was my grandfather . Yes . But displays of emotion endanger the project . It 's not your fault , Zenna . I had noticed the conditioning tapes are wearing thin . Come and see me tomorrow at 10 : 00 . I will smooth it all out , eh ? Yes , Dr. Francis . - Yes , Abel ? - I ... . I wanted to ask- - Go on . Will I die , too ? Yes , Abel , you will die , and Zenna , and the new captain , and your father . - And you ? - I shan 't be here always , either . I thought so . Hmm , you 've been thinking a great deal lately , haven 't you , Abel ? - Oh , another thing . - Yes ? Where did old Captain Peters go to just now ? Where do you think ? Through that door and into ... I 'm not sure after that . But you must have some idea . Through the door and into the hold or- - Or what ? Outside ? If there really is any such thing as outside . I think you 'd better come and see me , too , Abel , eleven o 'clock tomorrow . Yes , Doctor . [ door whirs ] I 'm programming chicken for next week , dear . I know you like it . Yes , dear , that will be nice . [ male voice whispering ] This is the world , and the whole world . There is no other world but this . There is no other world but this . There are no other creatures , but the chosen , and their children shall inherit the universe . This is the world and the whole world . There is no other world but this . - There is no- - - Zenna , where are you going ? It 's still playroom , you know . There are no other creatures but the chosen . S , E ... Damnation ! [ buttons clicking ] The disc . The burning disc , golden , amber , burning behind my thoughts , the disc . What is the burning disc ? Abel , you 're having that horrible nightmare again . Tell Dr. Francis , Abel . It 's not a nightmare , Zenna , it 's real . It 's something I ... something I ... Oh , it 's no good . When I think too hard , the blocks come down . All right , Zenna , ten o 'clock , it 's programmed . The burning disc again , eh ? What is it ? Oh , it 's a memory , a subconscious memory . Memory ? Hmm , the burning disc is something you can never have seen . It 's an inherited memory and so far conditioning hasn 't been able to eliminate it , but we will . Why ? Because it disturbs you , that 's all . So the burning disc is a sub-conscious memory of something outside ? Congratulations , Abel . You 've pieced that together remarkably quickly . But as we 're going to eliminate it , there 's no point in discussing it , is there ? Now something I did want to discuss with you was your essay . Most remarkable choice of subject . None of the others showed so much imagination . " The Closed Community . " Now what made you choose that ? Well , you left the subject to us this time , Dr. Francis , and you did ask for something unusual . But why did you pick on that subject ? It 's a study of life in the station . I don 't see that that 's so strange . Oh , no . There 's no reason why you shouldn 't write about the station , everybody else did , too . But you called yours " The Closed Community . " The station isn 't closed , Abel . Or is it ? It 's closed in the sense that none of us can go outside . - That 's all I meant . - Outside ? You must have given that a great deal of thought . I suppose I have . But it 's something that never troubles the others . What made you think about it in the first place ? After the dream about the burning disc , I always feel I know something . That there may be something on the outside of " the closed community " ? But , Dr. Francis , why is the station revolving ? Is it , Abel ? How do you know ? Because the interval between the plumb-bob and this wall is about an eighth of an inch greater at the bottom than at the top . So centrifugal forces must be driving it outwards . I 've calculated that the station is revolving at about two feet per second . That 's just about right . I think you 'd better come up to my office , Abel . It 's high time we had a really serious talk . [ whirring ] [ electronic ringing ] Not now . Well , you 've seen it all before , Abel . It 's just like anywhere else on the station . I wouldn 't like to live up here all alone . Well , I 've got plenty of work to keep me busy . And anyway , I 'm used to it . Why don 't you keep your chair secured ? We have to . Oh , just my slackness , Abel . But you 're quite right [ chair buzzes ] According to SSO 's , it should be kept firmly bolted down . Now , Abel , tell me . All this thinking you 've been doing , did it ever occur to you to ask why the station exists ? It 's designed to keep us alive , I suppose . It 's our home . That 's quite correct , up to a point . But surely it must have some other purpose other than just our survival . Now who do you think built it in the first place ? Our grandfathers , I suppose , or their fathers . That 's near enough . But where were they before they built it ? I 've tried to think along those lines but I can 't . Obviously , I wasn 't there , ever . They must have been somewhere . Perhaps they were floating in mid-air ? [ both chuckle faintly ] Think about it a bit more . Perhaps they came from another station ? An even bigger one than this . Brilliant , Abel ! A first class bit of deduction . All right . Let us assume that somewhere , another station exists , perhaps a hundred times bigger than this one , maybe a thousand times bigger . It must be possible . Now , you remember your course in advanced mechanics ? The imaginary planetary system with the orbiting bodies held together by gravitational attraction . Yes . Well , let us assume that such a system exists . Now try and imagine a planetary system revolving around a central body of absolutely enormous size , and with each of the planets a million times bigger than this station . Can you ? Only in a general way . I can 't imagine a million , just something vaguely much , much bigger . And that will do to be going on . Now try and imagine , this enormous station , attached to one of the planets , and the people in it decide to go to another planet . So they build a station , a small one , and send it off through space . Does that make sense ? Yes . Yes , it does . The whole idea seems to be- - Familiar . It fits in with your subconscious thoughts and with the things you 've been trying to work out for yourself . - Yes ? - Yes . And you are telling me that our station is doing that ? And that the imaginary planetary system actually exists ? You 'd half guessed it even before I told you . Subconsciously , you 've known about it for several years . Now then relax . And gradually as the treatment progresses , you will begin to remember everything for yourself . Everything ? More than anybody else here . Except , perhaps , for Captain Peters . As much as you know yourself , Dr. Francis ? [ low electronic whirring ] Abel . When you wake up , you will know the truth . That this station is in fact a spaceship . We are travelling from our home , planet Earth to another planet millions of miles away . Our grandfathers always lived on Earth and we are the first people ever to attempt such a journey . We were chosen from all people . You can be proud of that , Abel . I am proud . You , Abel , you were chosen before you were born . Your grandfather was a great man . He volunteered to come and so you are here , too . Never forget . The station must be kept running properly . I will not forget . And this planet we 're going to , when do we get there ? Never , Abel . We will never get there . The journey is too long . This is a multi-generation space vehicle . Only your children will land and they will be old when they do . Now you mustn 't let that disturb you , Abel . It won 't matter to you . You will always accept the station as your only home . You don 't have to worry about anything outside . That 's why we have conditioning , so that you and your children will be happy . You can open your eyes now , Abel . This is the celestial sphere . The star field through which the station is now travelling . Alpha Centauri , the star around which revolves the planet upon which one day the station will land . Abel , you can remember the terms I 'm using , can 't you ? None of them seem strange ? Yes . Yes , I seem to understand . Yes . I 've unblocked part of your subconscious . I 'm allowing you to remember things you 're too young to understand , things that would only have troubled you . The station , as seen from the camera mounted on the nose boom . Abel , can you see this ? Yes . Yes , I can see it quite clearly . It 's glowing , burning . It 's the burning disc of your dream . We call it the Sun and near it is the Earth , from which we set out nearly 50 years ago . It 's almost invisible now . And the Sun is dim . Even your inherited memory seems stronger and brighter . It 's like a miracle to build a station like this , a world all on its own and to make it work . The social engineering that went into the building of this ship , was more intricate than the mechanical side . - Social engineering ? - Mm-hmm . It means you and your father and your grandfather , three generations since this vehicle set out , and birth , and marriage , and birth again , have followed each other exactly as designed . And will it be the same for me ? And for your children , Abel . A great deal will be asked of your patience and your understanding . One day the project will be your responsibility . Your responsibility . Well , that will be enough for today . You 'd better go to your quarters and rest . We 'll have another session soon . - Dr. Francis ... - Hmm ? You said that you won 't always be here . None of the older people will . Then who is going to take over your work , the social engineering ? Well , it was always thought that , by that time , routine booster sessions run by computer would be sufficient . But they won 't be , will they ? The tapes wear thin and people don 't always react as expected , do they ? You 're absolutely right . It was a miscalculation from the beginning , but we 'll just have to make the best of it . Well , that 's hardly fair , is it ? I mean , if one day the project is going to be my responsibility . Dr. Francis , why don 't you train me ? It 's a very interesting idea , Abel . Hmm . [ whirring ] I 'll certainly think about it . Fools ! Damn fools ! [ electronic whirring sound ] [ wind rustling ] Sergeant ! Sergeant Burke ! Hello , Doctor . Taking a look at the great wide world ? Now look , Sergeant , you 're supposed to be in charge of maintenance . Some great ape has just walked in front of that projector and cast a shadow on the screen . I saw it very clearly on my monitor . Okay , Doctor , I 'll get the railing put back . It won 't happen again . That would have been a laugh , though , eh ? Really given them something to worry about if they 'd have seen it . They 've got enough to worry about as it is , Sergeant . Some think they got it always warm and quiet up there , not like this God forsaken dump . And they 've got damn-all to do except sit back and lie under those hypnodrills . Perhaps you wouldn 't feel that way if you were inside . Well , I 'd risk it . We 're the boys who do the real work here . If you need any more space cadets , - Doctor , remember me , eh ? - Yes . And you remember to fix that rail , before Colonel Chalmers sees it . Uh , Abel 's is well behind now . It 's all here in my report . Colonel Chalmers is waiting for you . Oh , is he ? There 's a new Project Commander posted , a General Short . General , eh ? What does that mean ? Oh , Bob , you 're out , you 're here . I tried flashing you again , but there was no reply . Come on in , get warm . Good . Well , how are things in space , eh ? Well , the funeral went off without incident , except for one minor lapse . - Zenna Peters ? - Hmm . Yes , we saw . How 's her father settling in ? Well , as if he 'd been in command for years , which he has , virtually , of course . Last few years , this old man did nothing but potter around talking to himself . I used to see him on the monitor . Senile at 50 . He knew that when he volunteered . Paul , I wish you could come in there and move around amongst them . It 's not like spying through your cameras , you know . You can talk to them , measure yourself against them . Yes , I know . They 're all fine people , like the ones who went before . Criminal shame they 're being wasted . Oh , that 's a superficial view . And the data we 're collecting will be invaluable when the first spaceships do set out . If they ever do . [ light chuckling ] Well , what about Zenna Peters and Abel Granger ? - What , in that order ? - Yes . Well , Zenna is maturing very quickly and her subconscious is beginning to kick back , so I 've put her on extra conditioning drill for a while . She 's an uncomplicated subject . I don 't anticipate any difficulties . - Unlike Abel Granger ? - Ah . He 's more complicated , I admit . And he 's vastly more intelligent . Do you know , Paul , it 's quite extraordinary how that boy has pieced things together he can never have heard of , as soon as I relaxed a few of his conditioning drills . Hmm . I ... Hmm ? No , go on . Well , of course , we could bring his marriage to Zenna forward . She 's a very steadying influence . A girl of 15 and a boy not much older ? A few raised eyebrows but Zenna is as mature now as she will be in four years ' time . Anyway , marriage might stop Abel thinking so much . You 'd raise a riot , Bob . Nobody need know . Anyway , when I finish my experiments with Abel , he may need a personal anchor . Well , that boy 's almost too brilliant . He 'd almost worked out for himself , that the station was a spaceship . All he needed was the vocabulary to describe it . If Abel can do that , he could find out other things . Supposing he began to wonder why you 're not an old man like his grandfather was . He 'd soon want to know where you came from . No , no , they 've been conditioned never to question me . And I think I can be trusted , Paul , not to lift any of the conditioning blocks . No , no , no . I think it 's outside the dome that you need to worry . Now did you just see the shadow that was cast across the firmament ? If Peters had spotted that he 'd have a heart attack . I know . I 'm tightening up that section . The odd mistake is bound to happen . It 's damn cold working around the dome . But they 're just as important to the project as the crew inside , remember . Nonsense . It 's the crew that matter . Anybody outside is unimportant . I suppose it 's the budget that 's the real trouble . We 've only had one increase in the last 50 years . Well , I hope this General Short , whoever he is , will try and get us a new deal . Well , I shouldn 't count on that if I were you . They 're more likely to cut down the budget than to increase it . Economy is one thing and cheeseparing is another . The negative conditioning doesn 't hold out as well as it used to . It 's those cheap tapes wearing out . You 'll just have to tighten up the programming , that 's all . I 've already started that by bringing Abel 's graduation forward . Yes , I know . I saw you on the screen , wasted months of advanced programming . The control boys nearly went crazy . It was a snap decision , but it was the right one . You ought to have checked with me first , Bob . The dome isn 't your private laboratory , you know . I 'm perfectly aware of that , but I happen to be in charge of the psychological side . I could hardly have wasted an opportunity like Abel 's . All the same , there was no need to go out of your way to tell him that he would never reach planet-fall . It will only make our job more difficult if we decide to shorten the journey . Shorten the journey ? Well , that 's impossible . That would be murder . Try and be less emotionally involved in the project , Bob . Good God , man , how can you possibly say that ? Devoted my entire life to it . I 've even accepted the fact that I 've got to stay in there with them until the end . I 'm as much of a prisoner as they are . Everybody knows that . It 's the whole point of what I 'm trying to say . Your situation isn 't normal and it 's bound to be an increasing strain on you . Are you trying to say that I may be going out of my mind ? Don 't exaggerate now . All I want you to do is to keep saying to yourself , " They are not going to Alpha Centauri . They are not going . " They are here on Earth and if the government decides to close down the project , they could be let out tomorrow . No government could possibly- - Even the public is beginning to feel that there 's something obscene about this human zoo . What began as a grand adventure , has dwindled into a grisly joke . It 's succeeded . That 's our complete justification . ln one sense , we 've learned too much . Oh , too much ? Well , I mean the social stratification that evolved inside the dome . That came as a bit of a shock . Peter 's on top , aloof , aristocratic . The Grangers in the middle , devoted , efficient , running the whole show really . And on the bottom , the Bakers , dimly happy in their drudgery . It 's that sort of unwelcome data that does the project no good . - Oh , look- - - Bob , I 've got to tell you this and it 's top secret at the moment . General Short has been put in command for one reason and one reason alone , to close the whole place down . Close it down ? - That 's impossible . That can 't be done . - It 's going to be done . It may take years , but they 're going to do it . Our job is to get those people out of there , not to keep them in . You 've turned your coat , haven 't you , Chalmers ? Have you gone over to their side ? Yes , frankly , yes , I have . I can see now the project should never have been started at all . You can 't manipulate people the way we 've been doing . It degrades human dignity . I think the public outcry against the project is healthy . Bob . Look . Out there they are loading in the rations for tomorrow . And when Baker or his wife dial the pre-selected menu , it will be delivered apparently from the spacehold in the ship . Damn it , man , there 's only one word for the whole thing : fraud ! Look , the people who volunteered in the first place knew this , and they accepted it and all it involved , generation after generation . We are committed to it now . And anyway how does your General Short intend to get them out , eh ? Open the door and whistle ? He 's not a fool . He knows as well as you do that half the crew would be mad in five minutes . He 's as much concerned for their welfare as you are . Oh , don 't talk . It 's all wasted now . We 've been sold out by some shoddy politician- - That 's not true . If the project were closed down today it would have more than proved itself . Not yet ! It won 't prove that until they land . We must keep this project going . We owe it to the 13 people inside that dome . Thirteen ? There are only 12 going to Alpha Centauri , unless you 're including yourself . Abel , it 's high time those fire drill rosters were finished . Oh , they are finished , Father . I put them in the distributor . - Father ? - What is it , Abel ? I 've got my schedule to keep . Why has the station stopped moving ? I 've been trying some experiments and they all point that way . Moving ? Captain Peters is in charge of the station , Abel . You leave things to him . [ whirring ] If you 're looking for Zenna , she 's with Dr. Francis . I know . Matthew , I wanted to talk to you . You help your father . You must know the control routine pretty well by now . Yes , I can check if the automatic course compensator is working properly and change the warning lamps if they burn out . What about the flight path ? Does your father do the plotting and checking and compensating for himself ? He must do , I suppose . I expect he does it when he 's alone . What about the automatic pilot ? Do you keep checking on it ? Well , there are warning lights and if they go out , we replace them . And the currents built into the station . The rotation was designed to eliminate the magnetic poles set up when the station was originally constructed . How are you compensating for that ? Well , I 'm not sure exactly . It 's surprising we need a crew at all . Anyway , my father knows all about it . There 's no doubt that the station is working properly . The disc , the burning disc . The eye , the eye of the Lord which encompasses the universe , and which looks deep into the secrets of men 's hearts , that the chosen may carry out His will . But suppose ... Suppose the controls are blind ? Suppose the captain is not in control himself ? Abel ? Oh , Zenna ! You 've spoilt it ! I was just beginning to understand . I 'm sorry , Abel , but I found myself outside the door . If Dr. Francis gets his own way , you 'll see enough of me for the rest of your life . Now I 've got some calculations to do . Abel ! Nobody is under the impression that our task will be an easy one . What we propose is a phased withdrawal . A gradual readjustment of the world around the crew , that will bring them down to Earth , as gently as a parachute . Some of you may have other suggestions . But however we do it , project Alpha Centauri will be discontinued . It can 't be done . General Short , I don 't know if the authorities realise- - [ all talking over each other ] Gentlemen , I know how you feel . Believe me , nobody regrets this more than I do . But the decision having been taken by the Space Department , it is our duty to implement it . The precise methods we shall adopt , and within limits , the amount of time we shall require have been left to us to decide . That does put a different complexion on it . Bearing in mind that the return crew will have to be given every freedom , and that every TV and newspaper network in the world will interview each of them a hundred times . How long in your opinion , Dr. Kersh ? That 's crazy . They 'll be bound to find out the truth . Dr. Kersh , from the viewpoint of dietary and biometric control , how long would you need to bring them back , Oh , General , obviously it 's going to be a matter of years . The conditioning drills will have to be rescored . As a stopgap measure , we may have to simulate a meteor collision or some such diversion . At a rough guess I should say , two to five years , possibly longer . That sounds reasonable enough to me . Should we say seven years ? Dr. Francis , what 's your estimate to get them back ? I don 't think you can know what you 're saying , General . Bring them back ? How can you bring back the dead ? How can you restore the lost 100 years ? Yes , well , I expected that Dr. Francis would keep our feet on the ground , but 100 years , hmm ? That 's 50 longer than the project 's been going . You 've been getting tangled up in some of those wires of yours , Doctor . You 're quite wrong , General . The task of the original project was to get them to Alpha Centauri , nothing was said about bringing them back . Now I 'm not concerned about the Space Department 's problems or the government . I 'm thinking about the crew . If it takes 50 years to get them there , it should take the same time to bring them back . I get your point , Doctor . So whichever way we look at it , it 's obviously going to take a long time . As a matter of interest , gentlemen , the Space Department 's own estimate is 15 years . Hmm , 15 years ? Well , a lot can happen in 15 years . Public opinion can change . The project might be needed again . I wouldn 't count on that . But if you can show that we really need 50 years to bring them back , I promise you we 'll take them . It 's the people in that dome we 're thinking about , not ourselves . I 'm beginning to wonder , General , whether the department has ever considered them , as human beings I mean . I live with them , and I think I know them better than anybody else , but what I don 't know , is how each individual is going to react to this reversal . That is precisely why the Space Department recommends that the project be allowed to continue as before , for the time being . With such economies as we can make- - Economies , of course . Stopping the dome revolving was one and nobody inside noticed . And condition the crew to accept the project for what it is and , so , gradually prepare them for release into the world . That 's not a bad idea and not bad at all . They could be made to believe that they 've made a vital contribution to space research . When they step out of the spaceship , they will be greeted as heroes and , so , accept the strangeness of the world around them . Hmm . It sounds very plausible , and it ought to be the solution , but it will not work . Well , go on , please . I want your honest opinion . That 's what we 're here for . Look , General , the people inside that dome have been taught to believe , since they were children , that they are living in a world of their own . " The Closed Community " , Abel calls it . And that they would never meet anybody else during the whole of their lives . - Horrifying conception . - No , not to them . To them the , the whole neuronic basis of reality is isolation . Yes . So whatever you attempt to do , you will never be able to teach them to invert their entire universe . Yes . Yes , I 'm inclined to agree . Believe me , General , the people inside that dome do not want to come out . If they had the choice , they would prefer to stay where they are . Yes , that makes sense even to me , Dr. Francis . But where does it get us ? We 've 15 years , 25 , perhaps , at the outside . There 's only one humane way in which it can be done . Let the project continue , exactly as before , but with one difference . Stop them marrying and having children . Within 25 years , only the younger generation will be still alive . Who would that leave ? Abel , Zenna , Matthew , Ruth and the two Baker children . - Six . - What happens then ? Within another five years they 'll all be dead , too . The lifespan in the dome is hardly more than 45 years . Abel will be an old man by the time he 's 30 . When they start dying off , nobody on the outside will care anymore about bringing them back . Colonel Chalmers , what do you say to that ? I think it 's the best solution , General . Humane and in accordance with the department 's instructions . Dr. Kersh ? The absence of children will be only a slight deviation from the conditioned pathway . The basic isolation of the group will be strengthened rather than diminished . Then there 'll be very little difference between them and any other out-group on the road to extinction . And another point , General , which might appeal to higher authority , it would be cheaper . As the crew died off , we could progressively close down the ship until there was just a deck left and then , perhaps , only a few cabins . Francis , how does that strike you ? A very accurate assessment . I could hardly have put it better myself . Humane ... I suppose so , in a way . So long as they don 't find out . So long as no one in there knows . It sounds a horrible prospect . Clinical , inhuman . But as you say , Francis , it may be the only way . Abel , why did you change my meal time ? It 's always been twelve o 'clock all my life . Well , it 's 12 : 30 from now on , unless I change it again . But why ? Oh , to see if I could , that 's all . To see if the computer would accept it , if Mr. Baker would dial your food and you 'd be programmed . Well , it worked . I made a decision and nobody did anything to stop me . Well , that seems rather irresponsible . I 'm glad we 're in charge of the station . So you made a decision , Abel , all on your own ? Nobody tried to stop me . Well , of course not . That 's part of the experiment . Dr. Francis , if I can change Matthew 's meal time , then I suppose I could programme other things . Where your conditioning allows it , yes . Could I , for instance , change Zenna 's conditioning sessions , even programme her out of them all together ? No , no , Abel . There are certain things that none of us can do . We lack the training and the aptitude . We 'd probably make a mess of it . Our job is to see that the programme continues and nothing interrupts the flight to Alpha Centauri . I hope I didn 't say anything wrong , Dr. Francis . Of course not . That 's what I expected . Your mind is beginning to ask questions it 's never been able to before . And questions it asks , the answer it gives , very exciting data . Then you wouldn 't mind helping me with some calculations I 've been trying to make . No . Go ahead . And this is what 's puzzling me . Assuming that each member of the crew consumes about three pounds of non-circulated food each day , roughly half a ton a year each , then the total cargo must be about 800 tons . That 's quite a weight . No , not in absolute terms , Abel . You see , the station is only a small fraction of the ship . The main reactors , the fuel tanks , the space-holds together weigh 30,000 tons . You know , they are providing the gravitational pull that 's holding you to the floor . Oh , hardly , Doctor . Well , surely the attraction must come from the stellar gravitational fields , or the weight of the ship would have to be about ten to the power of 20 , times six tons . And that you once told me is near enough to the weight of the Earth . These are very complex problems , Abel . I don 't think you should worry yourself with stellar mechanics . Captain Peters has that responsibility . Oh , I 'm not trying to usurp his position . I just want to extend my own knowledge . And I want to help you , Abel . Now is there some other angle that interests you more than another ? Well , yes , there is . But I 'm afraid it would mean departing from the rules a little . Well , you let me decide that . I thought it would be interesting to test the results of continued isolation . We might select a small group , subject them to artificial stimuli , even seal them off from the rest of the crew and condition them to believe they were back on Earth . I don 't know where the devil you get these ideas , Abel . Wouldn 't it be an interesting experiment , though ? There might be complications . Too difficult for me , you mean ? No , no , no , no , not too difficult , but it wouldn 't be fair on the chosen subjects , would it ? I mean , if something went wrong and we couldn 't eradicate their Earth memories , we might provide an emotional imbalance that would be with them for the rest of their lives . Oh , like the burning disc with me . Uh , precisely . I 'd risk it , though , wouldn 't you ? Oh , I don 't know . Yes , yes , I would . We 've got nothing to lose , and we don 't owe anything to anybody outside anymore . Oh , did we ever ? Hmm , we did once , Abel . Then I can try the experiment ? Yes , you can , as soon as you like . It might help to cure your main trouble , the burning disc . Oh , I don 't care about that anymore , Dr. Francis . I want to try the experiment on you . On me ? Well , as you said , it wouldn 't be fair to the others . [ Francis ] No ... [ rustling ] What 's wrong , Chalmers ? I wouldn 't like to call it trouble yet , sir , but I 'm not too happy about what it may lead to . Francis ? I 'd like you to look in on this , sir . [ over television ] Hey , hey steady . I am flesh and blood , you know . We really need longer sessions if we 're going to get results . They 're quite long enough for me , thank you very much . And it isn 't easy trying to create random sequences . It 's only later that the valuable results will begin to appear . The whole experiment seems pointless now . Well , it 's probably pointless anyway . My sense of reality was beginning to fog over . Maybe I 'm not as fit as I used to be . Yes . We 're in the eternal cleft stick , are we not ? From the expert and the executive . I could order him to stop , but I doubt if he 'd obey me . He wouldn 't , sir . ln which case I shall have to refer the matter to Space Command . They might not uphold me . After all , he 's the greatest expert in his field . And the retired list is heavy with senior officers who 've tangled with experts and got a bloody nose . So , what are we going to do , sir ? When in doubt , nothing . At least that 's what I 'm going to do . You , Colonel Chalmers , are going to use all your tact , all your ties of friendship and whatever bluff you think he won 't call . Just keep me in the picture . Okay . [ chair scrapes along floor ] [ door opens then closes ] Bob , are you free to talk ? Hmm , what about ? Thought we 'd used up our small talk years ago . I was wondering how your experiment was going , with Abel , I mean ? Is something wrong with your spy camera ? Or has General Short been biting your ear again ? Naturally , we 're interested in what you 're doing but I can 't quite see how it helps in closing down the project . Oh , it doesn 't . Let 's say that I 'm doing it in the glorious cause of psychological research or perhaps my own amusement . Hmm ? Bob , I hope you know what you 're doing . What did you say ? I was just wondering if you 're quite certain where all this was leading . That 's all . You asked me if I knew what I was doing . Colonel , the answer , the simple answer to somebody like you is no ! But I shall find out in the end . You have every right to conduct tests and experiments but to encourage Abel or anyone to use you as a human guinea pig , well , it passes the bounds of common sense . Common sense . If the pioneers had common sense 50 years ago , there wouldn 't be a spaceship going to Alpha Centauri now . [ electronic ringing ] I have no wish to criticize Francis . I fully appreciate that when things become routine there may be a great temptation to , how shall I put it ... To brighten up the proceedings with a somewhat unorthodox experiment . ln fairness to Francis , there 's no doubt that without his dedication the project would have failed . But now it 's become an obsession . Obsession , I grant you , Chalmers . And that 's what got the idea launched in the first place . Might he not give us a new angle on a quick rundown of the project without harm to the crew , hmm ? That 'd be a feather in our caps with the SD . I doubt it , sir . I think his experiment with Abel is just a way of putting off the evil day , and getting his revenge on us at the same time . Revenge ? I 'd credit Francis with higher motives than that . Abel Granger is a freak . And in this kind of work any departure from the norm is disturbing . His calculations and deductions are sometimes quite startling , especially when you remember that more than half of his thought processes are still blocked . I 'm not so sure about that . Today he tried to duck his conditioning session . He 's wearing foam pads under his earphones , missing 90 percent of subsonics . We only spotted it because one of the engineers saw he had his eyes half open . He missed a maths instruction sequence , the four figure antilog system . Just as well , perhaps . One day he might work out that the dome is travelling in an elliptical orbit 93 million miles from the sun . One day he might work out the truth . Has Francis been told of Abel 's attempt to evade conditioning ? Not yet , sir . When I tried , his monitor was still unplugged . Well , try him again . Let me do the talking this time . [ electronic ringing ] Don 't try the subsonic on me , gentlemen . It will show on the dial and I 'll switch off . Now what can I do for you ? I just wanted to tell you that Colonel Chalmers has put me in the picture , and I see no reason to disagree with what you 're doing , Doctor . Well , it seems very handsome of you , General . And now , I suppose you 'd like me to come out and have a little chat ? Well , not until you come up with something definite . After all , a shortcut back to Earth is worth waiting for . Well , I can 't promise you any shortcuts or indeed any positive result at all . We accept that , Doctor . You 're the expert . But with Abel , all my instincts and my training tell me that I might be on the verge of a psychological breakthrough . It 's a risk worth taking . Carry on . Oh , Sanger has something he wants to tell you . Hmm ? Bob , your subject has been wearing earplugs . The subsonic voices can 't have been getting through to him properly . Thank you , Mike . I haven 't stopped him yet , because I wanted to feel he 's getting the better of me in something . That seems a rather dangerous way of giving him confidence , Francis . Suppose he goes on to programme himself out of conditioning altogether . Thank you , Dr. Kersh . I 'm alert to that one , too . Even if he did , he couldn 't do without his voices for very long . They 're made up from his own mother 's vocal tones . He 's been fed on them all his life since before he was born . No , no , no . He 'd lose orientation and feel completely deserted . Yes , well , I think that 's about it , unless you have anything else . No , General , I 'm just carrying on as before . He 's overconfident , like a man who thinks he drives better when he 's drunk . He is drunk in his own way . Drunk with self-confidence and self-pity . What happens when the doubts creep in ? We 've got to get him out somehow . There 's only one way to do that . Go in there and get him . Doctor Francis ? Hmm ? I 'd like you to tell me something . Only if I can . It 's to do with the burning disc . Dr. Francis , what is God ? You certainly do come up with them , don 't you ? Well , if I knew that I 'd probably be God myself . You mean that God could be a man ? Well , in a way he is . But in another way he 's like- - Like the burning disc ? Well , theosophy and theology are not my strong points but I suppose there 's an element of that in him , too . Then where is God ? Well , the orthodox answer to that one is that he 's everywhere . ln me ? Then the things I do are really done by God . Yes , a priest might say so , that we 're , all of us , instruments of God 's will . The instrument of God 's will . [ disorientating voices play ] Why doesn 't he come out ? It 's unhealthy . He hasn 't been outside the dome once in six months . He 's losing all contact with the real world , becoming one of them . Well , perhaps that 's what Francis wants . He 's still running as efficiently as ever . Francis keeps up to date with all his routine and programming . There have been some changes though . Captain Peters is spending less and less time in flight control . And his son spends more , which is reasonable , in view of the fact that Matthew will one day take over command . Yes , but Abel spends more time there , too . And it 's strictly against standing orders . And he 's taken over most of his father 's administrative duties . By now , he might know enough to pilot a real ship to Alpha Centauri . [ recording of Abel 's voice ] This is the voice , of the chosen of the Lord . The burning disc is the eye of God . The spaceship is your only world . This life is your only life . You will never see Earth again . You are flying to Alpha Centauri . That 's enough for today , Dr. Francis . Oh , I hate those things . How long were we at it , Abel ? I feel quite worn out . Well , naturally . It was your first eight-hour session . Eight hours ? Look here , Abel , I only agreed to four hours . I mean , it 's very tiring . I 'm not used to it . I had to step it up . I wasn 't getting a satisfactory playback . Your subconscious is still resisting . I told you that . Now are you convinced that I 'm not a satisfactory subject ? On that showing , perhaps . But I 've punched out another tape , taking a different approach . What ? I 'll try that tomorrow . All right , Abel , but try to make the session shorter . It 's not just my experiment , Doctor . It 's yours , too . Yes , I know , but you see , your experiments are going to exhaust me then I may have to call a halt . I don 't want to do that yet , Dr. Francis . I 'll look at those graphs later . It 's nearly my mealtime . Perhaps something to eat will make me feel better . What 's Abel doing ? I 've hardly seen him for weeks . I don 't know . He doesn 't tell me things now . It 's some experiment of Dr. Francis ' , about the burning disc . [ electronic buzzing ] Mr. Baker , there 's something wrong . My ... My service isn 't supplying . There 's nothing wrong , Doctor . Your mealtime was changed this afternoon . I 've got nothing ready for you . But ... But nobody told me that . I 'm ... I 'm hungry . I 'm sorry , Doctor , but you 're 15 minutes late . I can 't make a special dip into the hold , just because you didn 't look at routine orders , now , can I ? Look here , Abel , why did you change my mealtime ? I think you 'd better change it back . I can 't do that , it 's programmed . At least you might have warned me . I 've been in that damn conditioning box of yours all day after all . But , Dr. Francis , you passed three SRO bulletins on your way here . Yes , I know . Always look at them at every opportunity , remember . Last minute changes are liable at any time . But I 've never- - You 'll have to wait until 10 : 30 now . Recovery crew standing by now , sir . Well , thank you , Captain Sanger . Poor devil . Perhaps he 'll see it our way now . That depends on how far he thinks his professional pride is involved and ... And what ? How successful Abel Granger 's conditioning has been . Find out , shall we ? Bob , are you all right ? Of course , I 'm all right . Why don 't you come and have a meal with us to spend the night and the medical unit can give you a quick check-up at the same time ? That 's what you 're up to , is it , Chalmers ? Get me out of here and you can do what you like with the project . Nothing like that , I give you my word . Your word ? Your word isn 't currency . Too many promises have been broken . Can 't you see that the Space Department won ' t reverse their decision ? They 'll tighten up if they think you 're being obstructive . I 've nothing to lose . I 'm staying here . Don 't force the authorities to take drastic action , Bob . You mean , like coming in and dragging me out ? Nothing could be easier . We could cut through that rusty old hull with a tin opener . Ah . No idle threat , I see . All right , gentlemen , I 'm going down to C-deck . Now if you do come in , they 'll all know . Francis , for God 's sake , man , we 're your friends . We 're trying to help you . Well , let me stay in here and finish my work . You know that 's impossible . All right ! Then the project continues as before but with one difference . Contact has been lost with Space Command . Good God , man , you can 't go down there and live with them . You 'll never come out . I don 't want to any more than they do . But you 're setting off on a mad dream , on a one way voyage to nowhere . No , not nowhere , Colonel . I 'm going to Alpha Centauri . [ equipment clattering ] Stand the crew down , Colonel Chalmers . Stand them down , Captain . So that 's it ? It was a bluff and he knew it . That 's the end of the project Alpha Centauri . Crashed in outer space , no survivors . Not as bad as that , sir . Visual data is still coming through . There 've been only minor changes in the programming . The main difference is that we can 't see Francis and he can 't see us . But the project continues as before . I wonder . Though the computers are clicking away , Captain Peters sits checking dummy dials and gazing at empty cabinets . But who 's really in control ? [ scraping ] [ whirring ] Abel , I 've decided to move down to C-deck . That will be more convenient . I shall need your office anyway . I 'm going to step up everybody 's conditioning . Oh , Abel , you mustn 't . Yours too , Doctor . Come and see me as soon as you can . Oh , Abel . Abel , you know ? Yes , Dr. Francis , I know . You know that we 're not going to Alpha Centauri , that we 're not going anywhere ? Abel , you don 't have to stay . You just climb into my sleeping cylinder and you can be free . Free ? What does that mean ? Neither of us is free . This is our world and these are our people . The burning disc is the eye of God and Abel is his servant , the chosen of the Lord . Is that it , Abel ? Is that what you want ? Power ... [ whirring ] To command a mocked-up spaceship on a flight to nowhere ? To control the lives and the thoughts of 12 human beings ? Twelve , Dr. Francis ? No . No . Thirteen , Abel . Thirteen to Centaurus . No , you mustn 't , Abel . It 's pointless now . Abel . You mustn 't . Eight hours conditioning every day , stepping up to 12 or more . It should be a very interesting experiment . What experiment , Abel ? What is the object ? To wipe out all your memories of Earth your knowledge of outside . That there is anything outside , To make you believe that you 're flying to Alpha Centauri , but that you will never live to get there . And as you know , Dr. Francis you won 't . [ sobbing ] Abel , you mustn 't . It 's degrading , don 't you know that yet ? I 'm a human being , Abel . You mustn 't . [ recording of Abel 's voice ] This is the voice of the chosen of the Lord . This station is a spaceship . It is flying from our home planet Earth . We are the first people to undertake such a journey . Dr. Francis ... This life is your only life . This ship is your only world . You will never see another . You are flying to Alpha Centauri . You can be proud of that , Dr. Francis . I am proud , Abel . I am proud .
