 [ theme music plays ] [ motorboat chugs quietly ] [ narrator ] He was still young . He had been stranded on Mars ever since Earth blew up , and he 'd grown fond of the calm , gentle Martians . [ motorboat chugs ] So Bert made the best of it . Perhaps there wasn 't much future travelling round Mars as a kind of tinker , but Bert had got to like the Martians and anyway , it seemed then that that was all the future there could be . [ thinking ] Bells . It can 't be far now . [ motor boat chugs ] [ tinkling ] [ water splashes ] [ motorboat chugging ] [ chugging continues ] [ creaking ] [ chugging stops ] - So , you 've come at last ! - I 'm late again am I , Annika ? We 've been expecting you every day . It 's difficult to keep count of time . I never know the date , but a visit seemed about due . There are a lot of things you can do for us . The Bannikuks are still with you I see . I 've brought them some nuts . [ bannikuks squeak ] How 's the family , Annika ? All are very well . Guila has had a baby since you were here last . Zaylo , Zaylo is no longer a child . - You were worried about Guila . - I was foolish . There was no trouble , and the baby is beautiful . They are all in the fields , but they will be back soon . Your second crops are coming along nicely . The Great Ones remember . You are tired ? I 've been tired for a long time now . You are not like the others who came from Earth . I should hope not . I 'm ashamed of what they did when they first came to Mars . It was cruel . They did not understand our customs , and it has stopped- - It 's stopped , yes , but ... And now they want to get away , but since Earth exploded they can 't . They sit there rotting away , hoping for a miracle that can 't happen . How long is it that you 've been going around now ? About seven of your years . That 's nearly 1 4 of ours . It 's too long . Far too long for a man to be living all by himself . But you people from Earth , aren 't like us . We 're not so very different , some of us . Anyway , I 'm all right as I am . [ water trickling ] Well , now , what have you got for me to do this time ? There are pots and pans to mend and we need some new ones . The boys tried , but they leak and they don 't look nice , and there 's the water-wheel ... It 's working . Yes , but it doesn 't raise as much water as it used to . We need more because of the good crops this season . I 'll have a look at it . Anything else ? Yes plenty . I don 't know why it is , but you can do things in a few hours and they work . Sometimes we try for months , and in the end they break down again . Tannack tried to re-hang the door there , but it still is not right . We seem to have lost the knack . Perhaps you didn 't need to do such things in the old days ? The Great Ones , whoever they were , they knew how . This tower and canals hundreds of miles wide ... They were Gods and the Sons of Gods . Perhaps . I 'm neither , Annika , as you know too well , but I have the knack , too . The family will be in from the fields soon . It is nearly time for supper . There must be an easier way to do that . I 'll have to think about it . It is good enough . [ door creaks ] [ bannikuks squeak ] Man was born to trouble , as the sparks fly upward . That 's what happened to the Earth , my Earth , my world . Nobody left knows how or why . It 's broken up now , disintegrated . Nothing but a shower of cosmic pebbles chasing around the sun . [ almost silently ] There 's nothing left ... You 've never told us that story before . No , Zaylo . There are plenty of other stories , happier stories . I think what you say matters less than why you say it . Tell us the story about the Earth burning up . Unless you don 't want to talk about it . No , it doesn 't matter now . My God , what a thing to say , untold thousands of years of civilization , beauty , sublime poetry , music , and , it doesn 't matter ! But you saw . Tell us . I was 21 then , in Earth years . It was my first rocket flight to Mars , and my last . Somebody roused me from my bunk , and dragged me to a porthole . There was the Earth , old , familiar , with its funny , endearing face , split open and white-hot fire pouring from the widening cracks . What had happened ? Nobody knows . Some say an atomic pile must have set up a chain reaction , but nobody knows and they never will . We kept straight on for Mars . There was nothing else we could do . The Moon and its space stations had gone streaking off towards Jupiter , and although Venus was colonized , it was too far for our fuel supply . The worst thing was the feeling , the knowledge , that we were almost alone . But there were others who escaped and came here . Hundreds , they say . No , only a couple of dozen Spaceships made it : research vessels from the Asteroid Belt and traders from the Jovian moons . The men are still here , getting older and older , with nothing to do but get drunk and mope about the past . But you do not do that . Not very often . I quite like roaming around on my own , and I 'm pretty good with my hands . There 's not much future in being a tinker , you might say , but it 's the only one I 've got left . All the same , it 's not good for a man to be alone . Well , it suits me , Annika , and I ought to know . Well ... Thank you for the supper . Good night . [ twig snaps ] Here is your breakfast . Thank you , Annika . Annika , I 'm sorry I was depressed last night . I shouldn 't talk about the Earth , but sometimes I can 't help it . I understand . It must have been very beautiful . Mars must seem harsh and barren after that . Oh , Mars is beautiful too , in its own way . The silence , the tawny desert and the strange canals , the great forgotten cities of the past , but ... Mars is not my home . It is now . You must try and accept that . You cannot live backwards . Yesterday was never the future . The future ! What future has Mars ? It 's old , senile , dying . One can only wait with it for death . But was not Earth too beginning to die from the moment it started to cool ? Yet it was worth building on , worth making a civilization there , was it not ? Well , that 's the question . Was it ? For what ? If it were not , then it would be better if we had never been . Well ? You don 't believe that , not really . What else is there left for me to believe ? - Don 't go . - What ? Stay here with us . - I can 't do that . - Why not ? You could help a lot here . For you , things are easy that we find difficult . If you stayed we could have more fields , more animals , and life would be better for all of us . You do like us ? Yes , Annika . Yes , I 've always liked coming here , better than anywhere else , but- - But what ? I don 't belong here with you . I don 't belong anywhere any more . So I keep moving on . You could belong here , if you would . Life isn 't something that can be stopped just because you don 't like it . You aren 't apart from life , you are a part of it . - That may have been true , once . - It is still true . You are merely existing now , and it is not enough . One exists by barter , but one lives by giving , and taking , when it is offered . I see . No , I don 't think that you do , not yet . But it would be better for you to see , and better for us for you to stay . And there is Zaylo . Zaylo ? Goodbye , Annika . See you next year , sometime . Well , Zaylo ? You aren 't going already ? Yes , yes , I have to . I 've finished all the odd jobs here . I 'm on my way to Farga 's . They have a place by the ruins of that old city the Great Ones built . Thalkia . I have never been there . Oh , it 's extraordinary . Why are you going so soon ? I 've just told you , Zaylo . Will you come back ? Of course , I always do . Zaylo . [ explosion ] What the ... No , that 's impossible . There aren 't any Spacecraft left . They 're all grounded , they ran out of fuel years ago ! I saw it for a second , silver , and shaped like , this ... Yes , like a saucer ! Like one of the old Spacebuses , but they were obsolescent when I first ... What does it mean ? It means , Zaylo ... I don 't know . Somewhere , somehow , they got a Spacecraft to work again ! The other Earthmen , here on Mars ? No . No , I 'd have heard . They couldn 't , anyhow , not the lot at the Settlement . They rotted their hearts out years ago . - But I know what it means . - What ? It means , somewhere out there , somewhere in the Universe , there are other men who haven 't given up . Goodbye , Zaylo . Goodbye . Come back , come back soon ! He will come back ... One day . [ motorboat engine starts ] [ thinking ] # Speed bonny boat like a bird on the wing # # Goodbye , Zaylo , I must leave you # # Though it breaks my heart to go # Oh , my God , Zaylo , her lips and her eyes and her smile . " O Brave New World ! " And somewhere they 're building it , only better than before . [ chugging ] [ Bert , thinking ] Zaylo , goodbye . # Zaylo # # A hunting we will go # # Hay , ho , Zaylo , a hunting we will go . # # Zaylo , Zaylo , Zaylo # [ low chatter ] Hey , Bert . Fellows , you take my advice , put your names down now . I 'm willing to bet you get chosen for the first batch to go . You too , friend . We want men like you , half of them here have gone rotten . You only need to look at them . They 'd never pass the medical , or stand the climate change . I 'll put your names down , fellows , marked priority , just say the word . Once the MO 's looked you over you 'll be all set . How about it ? Okay , Captain Blane , you can count me in . George Harris . Me too . Carter , Winston Charles . Come on , Bert . Well ? I 'm only just in . What 's it all about ? You haven 't heard ? Where have you been ? Up country . All I 've heard is the rumour that a Spacecraft has come in . - Rumour ? It 's here now ! - In from Venus ! - Well , what 's the story ? - Ever been to Venus ? No , my trip here was my first and my last . That 's what we all thought . Look what it did to these poor devils . We don 't want that type on Venus . Things are moving ahead there , I can tell you . We 'd have been in touch with you years ago if it wasn 't for the static layer over the place that cuts out radio contact . I learned that at Space School . But can people really live on Venus ? Well , I thought I was proof enough of that . And it has a future , which is more than you can say for any of the other planets . What 's wrong with Mars ? Finished . Dying . Well on the way out . But Venus , that 's altogether different ! It 's more like home ! What ? Like Earth you mean ? Not yet . I don 't want to fool you , but one day it will be . Present conditions are , very roughly , like those on Earth millions of years ago , damn hot . But the atmosphere on Venus helps , it 's denser and that offsets the increased heat of the sun . So that human beings can live and work and build a new world ! It 's almost incredible , it seems like a miracle ! Of course conditions in the tropics are much too hot , but at the poles they are quite pleasant . That 's what they always said , I remember the recruiting blarney , bands , flags , receptions and all that . When I was a kid I wanted to go myself . There was more to it than window dressing . We had to get things as descent as we could for the colonists when they got there . We did too , and a pension at the end of five years ' service . Now you sign on for life , of course , but there 's nothing anybody can do about that . There were another 25 families due for take-off the week after we left . They made it too , just in time . Now we 've got a colony with several hundred men , women and children , and more growing up all the time . Lucky devils , ours weren 't allowed to come . There 's only been the natives to take up with here . You 'll have no trouble like that on Venus . Once you 're established , you 'll be allocated a wife . Another advantage we have is a planet with its best years to come , we 've got something to work with and to work for ! What we need right now is as many men we can get to help us . With men supervising the work , we 'd be getting along a lot faster . Supervise ? What , each other ? No , looking after Griffas . We 've got them working for us . Griffas . But , they 're animals ! So were our ancestors , they say . [ laughter ] Griffas are more than just good for making fur coats . I remember . Every woman wanted one . Because of the price , nobody bothered to get nearer than shooting range . Instead of finding out what they were really like . They 're useful . They can do useful work , they 're intelligent , and there is any amount of them . The snag is , we have to have a man in charge and that 's our chief limitation . So what you 're offering is a kind of foreman job ? That 's about the size of it , to begin with . But there 's opportunity . Venus is a place that 's going to grow , one day it 's going to have more that Earth ever had . Oh , maybe the climate is not too good ... [ loud murmuring ] ... but there are houses and already civilization . Here on Mars there 's nothing to do but rot . So how about it ? You took a long time to find out that you needed us . No , we knew that from the start , the trouble was to get here . We 'd no fuel left and only one ship . One day we stumbled across some fissile material . We managed to refine it and get the Rutherford A-4 back into use . As far as we know , all the other atomic ships bought it . Now , we 've room for 42 men this trip , providing they 're fit . What about it , fellows ? How about you ? You haven 't let yourself go to seed . You 'll make the grade easy . Want me to put your name down ? I 'll think about it . You 'll ... ! [ sniggers ] I don 't know . It 's almost a miracle to get off this blasted sandheap , and he 'll think about it ! [ scoffs ] Hey , Johnson , what about you ? [ murmuring , chatter ] [ lapping water ] [ thinking ] They do not sweat and whine about their condition . They do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins . No one is dissatisfied . Not one is demented with the mania of owning things . [ Beethoven 's 9th Symphony plays ] [ thinking ] A new Heaven and a new Earth . You won 't see nothing , son . You 're on Venus now . Nothing but mist and rain and grey grass and grey trees . Every stupid thing is grey on Venus . But surely the sun shines sometimes ? That 's what they tell you . Maybe it shines somewhere behind the mist . [ intercom squawks ] [ over intercom ] Rolling Mill Work Party stand by . You will join the next train . On arrival you will report to Major Schultz . Repeat , you will report to Major Schultz . [ man ] That 's us . Come on . - Good luck ! - So long , Bert ! [ bell ringing ] - What 've they put you on ? - Quarries . Major Khan . [ sucks air through teeth ] - Why ? Is he a ... ? - [ clears throat ] That thing works both ways . Keep your voice down . You mean they spy on people ? Freeman 's my name and my nature , least it used to be . Oh , they don 't call it spying . They call it Security . Some very poor types on this planet , discontented , don 't like being bossed around no more than the Griffas do . What 's that building with a tall palisade and spikes on the top ? That ? That is the Seraglio . The what ? The Seraglio , the place where they keep the women . And that 's all you 're likely to see of it , the wall and the spikes . - I don 't get you . - Pie in the sky . Jam tomorrow . The old and immemorial dangling carrot . You must be one of that lot just in from Mars ? - Is it that obvious ? - It is . So you think that one day they 'll say , you 've been a good little boy , and let you in there among all the lovely houris ? Well , I 've passed the MO , and they immunized me against every stinking thing anybody ever heard of , and I 've a certificate which says that I 'm healthy and fit for parenthood . We 've all got them . Don 't mean a thing . - But it does . It says , I 'm- - - I know , son , I know . But what would you have done if it didn 't ? You 'd have stayed on Mars when they need you here . So naturally they give you a certificate . It 's dead easy . It could be genuine . So , you 're going to do your job and prove you 're a good reliable type . - That 's reasonable enough . - Sure . Only you 'll find that they , and it hurts them more than it hurts you ... They can 't quite make up their mind about you in this job , so they 'll give you another , maybe two or three more , before they do . And then , if you 're very , very good and respectful , they make you a citizen . If not , you just go on and on , trying to make the grade . But supposing you do become a citizen ? Pat you on the back , say you 're a credit to the community , worthy to become one of the founding fathers of the new Venusian nation , but ... Well , what 's the snag this time ? This . Only this . Unfortunately , they 'll say , " Unfortunately , there 's not a wife available for you at the moment . In fact , there 's a bit of a list ahead of you . " The trouble is , the boys took to the climate here better than the girls . But it 'll be okay later on , all you 've got to do is be patient . And suppose you 're not ? Suppose you kick up a row ? You lose your citizenship . Like me . But , surely they can 't take away a man 's citizenship , not once it 's been granted ? They do . And one of these fine days , if I don 't learn to keep my trap shut , I 'll just kind of disappear . Oh , no . You mean all they tell you about freedom and democracy and building a new civilization is a lot of- - You said it . It stinks , like mock rose . Mock rose ? Yeah , the flower that ought to be the Venus national emblem . It 's a dusty pink and even looks kind of healthy , about the only thing that does on this lousy planet , but it stinks of corruption . - Do you know why ? - No . It devours flesh . Anything that gets too near . Insects , Griffas , humans . And anyone they don 't care for . The mock rose snaps them up and swallows them . [ gulps ] Just like that . So watch your step . It 's no good , I don 't understand . What ever happened here ? It wasn 't meant to be like this . Surely it didn 't start this way . I dare say . But the day the Earth blew up and we knew we were on our own , a fellow called Davey took over . Davey and his cronies , that is . It sounds like a dictatorship . Wasn 't there any opposition ? A little , but it soon petered out when the leader disappeared . Discouraging effect on heroes . So this fellow , Davey , has made himself kind of , king of Venus ? That 's it. lf you 're one of Davey 's mob you wear a gun . A badge of rank . If you 're not , you don 't . Oh , he 's sitting pretty with everything going his own way . The trouble is , whether you like it or not , he 's making a job of it . He 's building the place up in his own way . I suppose they 've got some results to show for it . - The steel mills and all that . - [ scoffs ] It 's the Griffas mostly , doing the donkey work , I mean . There 's plenty of Griffas , all you like to round up in the forests . that 's just as well for you and me . Why ? Davey 's mob need us to supervise . That makes even them think twice before they wipe one of us out . And what do the Griffas get out of it ? The chance to live a little longer , if they work . Same as us . [ door slams open ] [ indistinct chatter , grunting ] Are they the ... ? It 's horrible ! Probably a new batch from the forest . But why chained ? To stop them running away . Poor little coves , they don 't know what 's hit them . And they ain 't seen nothing yet . [ intercom squawks ] [ over intercom ] Quarry detail will stand by . Forestry detail will stand by . You will both join the next train . [ bell ringing ] Cheer up , son . We 're alive , anyway . That 's more than can be said for most . I was alive on Mars . Then what the devil brought you here ? It sounds stupid when you try and put it into words , but ... I thought , I hoped , that on Venus there would be the chance to build a better world than before . The sort of thing that men have struggled for and dreamed about . A new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal . Something like that . You must have been very young when you left Earth . - I was 21 . - And still trailing clouds of glory . Yes , it was a grand thing that old Abraham ... - What is his name ? - Abraham Lincoln ? Lincoln said , but have you ever thought how many empires had to grow up and be knocked down , or how many billions had to die in slavery before one man could stand up and say that ? I hadn 't . But it has been said , so why can 't this be a " nation conceived in liberty " ? With all the knowledge from Earth behind them , and the chance to build a new Earth here , surely they aren 't going to pour half history down the drain ? Son , I guess you got it kind of wrong . Building a new Earth is exactly what they 're doing . - No . - Yes . What you 're complaining about is that they 've not started in building a new Heaven . Earth was better than this . I can remember it , you know . Me too . What did you do there ? I went to school , then to college , then to the School of Space Training . - And you ? - I worked all over the place . Factories , ships , dock yards , spaceports , railroads . Oh , I knocked about quite a stretch . I see you did . Well , do you think I got to know what Earth was really like my way , or was your way better ? On Earth there were some fine cities . And fine men , too . Ever seen an iceberg ? What you do see looks mighty pretty in the sunshine . There was enough of it to see the way a world might be , and ought to be . We all know what ought to be . We 've all got our private heavens . But here things are going back . They seem to have forgotten every lessons we 've learned . We have to go on , not back . Even the people on Mars believe that . [ over intercom ] Station 32 . The following will disembark . Foster . You will report to Major Khan . Repeat , you will report to Major Khan . [ bell ringing ] No , son , I go on to the end of the line . Good luck though and don 't you forget , that 's the only thing we can do . Best trash can ever , the mock rose . Squeamish , eh ? You fellows often are . It doesn 't last . Plenty more Griffas where that one came from . [ whip cracks ] Keep them at it . That 's your job , Foster . Remember , they 're bone idle by nature , so don 't threaten , just let them know who 's boss from the word go . Go on , man . Look at that one at the end , give it to him ! [ whip cracks limply ] No , like this , fellow . [ whip cracks loudly ] [ Griffa groans ] [ chuckles lightly ] You 'll soon get the hang of it . They 're sharp , Griffas , and if they think an Overseer is soft , they 'll soon take advantage . So keep them on the hop . Remember , fellow , my Quarry Section keeps a high standard . We may have a big turnover in Griffas , but we have a high output in iron ore too . Well , get to it . We 're all in the same boat . Come on , get on with it . This pattern exploder was obsolete on Earth years ago , but it still does the job . - I remember . I can use it . - You won 't need to , fellow . Only Officers Commanding Sections are allowed to . Why 's that ? Security . This thing works at a range of 20 miles . Could do a lot of damage . One day there might be a Griffa , a little brighter than the rest , and he might get his hands on it . I see that . After all , they 've got plenty to want revenge for . Their minds don 't work like that , fellow . Just as well for them . Are they all clear ? - Yes . - Then stand by . [ explosion and rumbling ] Okay , get that lot loaded up . Report to me when it 's done . Yes , sir . No need to call me that , fellow . Venus is a democracy . " Yes , Major " is good enough . [ whip cracks ] Foster ! Get them working ! Yes , Major ! [ thinking ] Venus , The Goddess of Love . Mist and rain , rain and mist . Grey grass , grey trees , grey faces . Even the pink of the mock rose is a kind of dusty grey too . The Griffas ' fur is grey too , silver grey and not so bad to look at . Bone idle , are they ? And why not ? What should a Griffa know about work , why should he care ? Nobody calls a flower or a tree bone idle , what do they know about work , or duty ? All they understand now is fear and pain . [ whip cracking followed by a scream ] Foster ! Yes , Major . What is it ? Your production 's down , the skips are half empty . Why ? Your job is to keep the little rats working , why don 't you do it ? - They are working . - Don 't make me laugh . Look at that one ! [ whip cracking followed by a scream ] - You don 't like that , do you ? - No . I 've heard about you lot from Mars . You 've gone soft . Not all of us . Building up this place is a man 's job . When you 've been here a bit you 'll learn . No , thanks . You 'd better . I didn 't come here to help build a slave state . No , you 'd just like to start at the top , with none of the dirty work , wouldn 't you ? Well , it can 't be done , fellow . You just tell me one great nation or empire on Earth that didn 't have this behind it at one stage ! Go on , tell me ! But it 's wrong . Maybe you know a better way ? Love and kindness ? You 're soft . I still say that if there 's no better way of building a new world than driving fellow creatures crazy with pain and fear until they die , then it 's not worth doing at all . There 's only one way to get the work done that 's got to be done ... This ! [ whip cracking followed by a scream ] And this ! That 's enough , Khan . [ screams ] [ Griffas squeaking ] Go on . Off you go , you 're free ! Go on , shoo ! This is your last chance . [ shouts ] Accident or murder ? What does it matter now ? They wouldn 't give a damn . Freeman ... What happened ? You 've been posted missing , you and one of the overseers . We are missing . The overseer fell into a mock rose . Fell , son ? He was clumsy and tripped . Well , they won 't find him then , will they ? But they 'll find you , son , and when they do ... Hey , son . Sorry . Haven 't eaten for days , only grass and roots . I 've got something left . It 's not much . Easy , easy , son . I 've been thinking what to do next . You 're in a spot , I reckon . We all are . Look , we ought to get together . I 've got a revolver and a pocketful of explosive . - You 're crazy ! - It 's our only chance , don 't you see ? Your only chance , you mean . Think again , son . They 've got hundreds of men , all armed . It 'd be suicide . At the moment they 're blaming the poor old Griffas , as usual . Your best bet is to spin them a yarn and hope they believe you . But it 's our duty , Freeman . Not only to ourselves but to the future . Our duty is to stay alive . They 've smelt some kind of a rat , nobody can move outside without a pass . Even the next spaceflight to Mars has been held up . I didn 't know there was another one . It 's the last one this season . If they don 't get away in the next few hours , they 'll have to wait the best part of a year . Lucky for Mars . Take my advice , spin them a yarn , blame the Griffas and the other fellow . They can 't prove nothing . Maybe you 're right . Thanks , Freeman . You 'd better forget you 've ever met me . I 've already forgotten . Good luck , son , all the same . Yes ? Pretty slow off the mark , fellow . Sorry , Major . I 've been around here some time . Nobody challenged me . Why ? Don 't know , Major , just come on duty . Well , I suppose I can 't steal a Spaceship , so there 's no harm done . I guess not , Major . Better keep your eyes skinned all the same . Can 't trust those blasted Griffas . Where 's the Captain ? D 'you know ? He was here just now , Major . Maybe he 's gone aboard . Okay . Go about your business . Well , Chief , you got the order ? Take off at 01 : 00 hours . Yes , Captain , Ground Control informed me . About time , any more nonsense and we 'll never make it . You won 't do it then . The administration knows better than to risk our only serviceable ship . - Crew all reported now ? - Present and correct . Trust the Griffas to cause trouble . Still they 're not our problem . Stand by for take-off . Stand by . Ten . Nine . Eight . Seven . Six . Five . Four . Three . Two . One . Zero . Routine Log , Spaceship Rutherford A-4 : Venus-Mars trajectory . Speed : normal , cruising . Conditions , normal . Handing over to auto-control . Major ? - Yes ? - What are you doing here ? I was taking a look at Mars . Not many people can have seen it from this angle . That 's not what I meant , Major . I 've been checking up and you don 't seem to be listed . Well , I 'm here , as you can see . I think you 'd better come and have a word with the captain . Sure , why not ? This is the extra passenger , Captain . I 've checked every one else . What 's the trouble ? The trouble is you 're not listed . How did you get on board , Major ? In the usual way , Captain . They told me that you 'd be informed . Well , I wasn 't . I know nothing about you , Major . Another administrative slip up . I was only put on this job yesterday , at very short notice . What job ? It 's pretty confidential , Captain . But since you ought to have been informed , I have no doubt I can tell you . I 'm a sort of recruiting officer . I speak four Martian dialects , and I can get along in most of the rest . You don 't mean they 're sending you to recruit , Martians ? That 's the idea . Spin them the usual phoney yarn , and get them back to Venus . They 'll never stand the difference in gravity ! That 's what was said about us , remember ? Oh , there 'll be wastage . No good denying it . But those that survive will be good enough for managing Griffas if nothing else . All the same , I ought to have been informed . Some damn bad staff work somewhere . Look , why not get radio confirmation of my appointment and blast them about it at the same time . Major , have you any idea what radio conditions are like on Venus ? No , but on Mars we- - On Mars there is no static belt . We can 't communicate with Venus . That 's too bad . I 'm sorry . I 'm only obeying orders . Well , I suppose nobody would go to Mars , unless they were ordered to . The Chief Officer will put you on the list , and we will straighten it out when we get back . You do that . No native corn liquor and no fraternizing . No native liquor and no contact with native women . I guess I don 't need to warn you , Major ? No , you don 't have to warn me . [ water rippling ] [ engine splutters ] [ thinking ] Goodbye to the Rutherford A-4 . There will be no more slaving expeditions to Mars . # A hunting we will go # # Hay , ho , Zaylo , a hunting we will go # Well , Annika , I 've come home . You have been ill ? No . Not , ill . Not , in the body , perhaps , but in the spirit . Annika , I 've been thinking . Do you remember what you said the last time I was here ? That if Earth was re-created now it would be stranger to me than Mars ? And so it would be . Now I think I know what you meant . It seems to me now that ... Well , maybe there never was a place like the Earth that I was remembering . A heaven behind you is no good . A heaven in the future is better . But to make a heaven around you now , that is best of all . I 've stopped fooling myself . I 've stopped crying for the Moon or for the Earth . I 'm going to be content just to live , and to enjoy living . The water wheel needs mending again . I 'll have another look at it . [ water rippling ] [ creaking ] It needs mending . I 'll see to it , Zaylo . This time I 've come to stay .
