 [ theme music plays ] - You wanted to see me , sir ? - Yes . Come in , take a seat . I 've some good news for you . The final report on your work , with defence computers has come in , and it 's excellent ! Excellent ! Your promotion to major has come through . And some leave . Three weeks , almost immediately . - Thank you , sir . - But you 'll have to wait a day or two . Just to finish off your training . You 've been ordered down , yes , to the deep installations . And after they 've shown you what got down there , then leave . Not unreasonable to be asked to wait a day or two ? No , sir . When do I go down ? - Right now . It 's a long drive . - Now ? Car 's here , waiting to take you there . Well , I 'd better pack a few things . They 've got everything you 'll need down there . All you have to do , Major , is just get in the car and go . [ knocks on glass ] Driver ? [ brakes screech ] [ man over PA ] Show your badge . [ whirring ] [ man over PA ] This is Level Seven . You are to proceed to the recreation hall at the end of this corridor for initial briefing . Keep moving and pay attention . You are now 4,500 feet below the surface of the Earth . Above you are six other levels . The first four for civilians , the fifth for the Government , scientists and service chiefs , the sixth at 3,000 feet , for Defence Command and its electronic computers . This level , the seventh and deepest , is entirely self-sufficient and completely secure from any possible form of attack . You are the third and final intake of trained personnel for this establishment . ln ordinary military terms , I am the General Officer in Command . But we no longer use those terms here . From now on , I am A10 . A for Administration . One , zero because we do not use single digits . This officer on my right , who is in charge of female personnel , and certain other administrative work , is A15 . The officer on my left , who is in charge of our medical unit , is M18 . ln due course , you 'll be given one of the initial letters , indicating your department and range of duties , and your individual numbers . I must warn you , that any use of surface given names , surnames , and former military rank , will be regarded as a serious breach of the discipline which is essential to our purpose . This purpose I can now reveal to you . We are here , beyond the reach of the enemy , to provide the supreme retaliatory force , which can , if necessary , absolutely annihilate all opposing enemy forces , once and for all . From here , we can attack without being attacked . To the world above we are invisible , but its destiny is in our hands . Perhaps I should tell you why you 've been chosen for this privilege . Our tests have proved that none of you has any marked attachments to ordinary surface life . No wives , husbands , parents , children or close personal friends , and would therefore react favourably to a new environment . More efficient , rational , better controlled . Most of you have come down here in the belief that it was for a final phase of training . But this isn 't going to be training , because none of us is going back . Obviously , we can 't go back to the surface . Think of the security risk . If an enemy knew where this operations centre was ... [ shushing ] Right , let 's get these numbers settled first . All you Operation Officers are X. Now then ... You 're X107 . You 're X117 . You 're X127 . And you 're X137 . You 'll be on duty here two at a time , because of space limitations , each team will have to share a room . So , we 'll take inner and outer numbers together . X117 with X127 . X107 with X137 . Right ? Good . Now , you four . Together with two other teams of four , will be responsible for continuous duty here in the Operation Room . Each watch will last eight hours , during which time each team will work one hour on and one hour off . All right . Now then you two , come round . You all have been trained to work with these illuminated defence maps and overall defence computers . If an alert is sounded , this is what you do . One of you says to the other , " Ready to alert Control " , and the other replies " Ready to alert Control " . So there 's no doubt you 're both of the same mind . Then , both together , you press these buttons . Both together or nothing will happen . That sends your decision to Control . Now I 'd like you to try that . We 'll assume your instrument and map observations have told you that you 've reached the point of alert . All right . - Ready to alert Control . - Ready to alert Control . Now press together . [ General ] Yes . Those are the buttons that send off the rockets and that light tells you that Control has been alerted . Control will either give you the " All clear " . Which means the alert is over or , you will be told to press one , or more , of those buttons . And we must press them both at same time , like the alert button ? If you don 't , nothing will happen . It 's a check against , accidents . That 's our only function ? A sort of human check against mechanical accidents ? Yes . Before the final alerting of Control , we have inserted human judgement . The same with the actual firing of the rockets . They 're electronically controlled , guided to hit specific targets . But you fellows press the buttons that let them loose . You 'll see what happens on the central map . Which doesn 't come into operation until we 've taken the alert . Why have we got four different buttons to push ? They fire different types of rockets , thousands of them at a time . If you press Button One , you release , batteries of rockets with atomic warheads up to five megatons . They 're aimed at concentrated installations . Military and industrial . Button Two releases rockets of up to 50 megatons . They explode in the air , over cities . Big centres of population . Button Three rockets are as powerful , but they go deep underground before exploding . But not as deep as this ? Don 't worry . Even if their rockets are as good as ours , they still couldn 't penetrate within 4,000 feet of us . And what about Button Four ? When you get that signal , you know we 're giving them everything we 've got . The war 's over and we 've won if the Number Fours are let loose . They explode specially rigged super-H bombs , that spread the maximum amount of highly radio-active dust . Certain death to everything over there . What about over here ? You don 't have to worry . You 're here on Level Seven . Nothing can touch you here . As a doctor I can tell you , compared with life here , existence up there on the surface is like living in a garbage pail . [ laughter ] At last , you 'll be breathing really pure air . We grow our own plants to convert carbon dioxide back into oxygen . Now , the food you 'll eat mightn 't interest a glutton . But this contains all the necessary vitamins , calories , minerals , to give you a perfectly balanced , sustaining diet . However , if at any time you think you need medical attention , just press the black button in your room , say who you are and ask for me or one of my staff . Any questions ? Er , yes . Where does the food come from ? Automatic dispensers . Each of you will have marked on your 24 hour schedule , times to report to a meal dispenser . On insertion of a ration token , the correct amount of synthetic dehydrated food is automatically taken out of the deep freeze , warmed , mixed with water and served . What about waste products ? Our waste products are drained off , filtered , dehydrated , and what 's left is stored in the empty space behind the wall , that moves the food forward . A great achievement that , just because space is so precious down here . Well , that 's a sketch of how most of your needs are taken care of . But we can all think of another one . Sex . A15 will tell you how we handle that problem . There 's one thing . I won 't get fat on it . I wouldn 't have thought you 'd have any problem . Not usually . But here I 've got nothing to do but sit around . That 's about all I 'll be doing . Sitting . - What are you then ? - Operations X127 . Oh ! You 're one of the important ones . I 'm just a children 's teacher . But there aren 't any children here ? No , not now . There will be . As you know , there are as many women here as there are men . This was part of our long-term planning for Level Seven . From the first , we had to take into account the sex problem . And it 's going to be solved in a most sensible and satisfactory manner . That is through marriage . [ crowd murmuring ] Yes , marriages will be permitted on Level Seven . We hope many of you will marry . The psychological benefits enjoyed by most married couples are very considerable . And then there must be children , to take over the running of the Level when they are old enough , and to continue the existence of our race , in this unique security which it provides . [ pop music plays ] Pop music . Try the other one . Oh , classical stuff . You know I 've been thinking about this marriage business . - Why ? Fallen hard for somebody ? - No . If you 'd said yes , I 'd have wondered how and when you did it . No , but as the Doctor was saying , this place is full of fine , healthy girls , so why not have one of them ? Which one ? Any one ? Of course not , any one . But it should be easy to find one who 'll do and who 's willing . How about you ? No , thank you , 127 . Count me out . Why ? We 're here . Why not make the most of it ? Because when I get married , I want it to be real . I want all my feelings involved , and all her feelings . The way things are set up for you here , 4,500 feet underground . [ woman over PA ] Level Seven , deep underground , offers to a privileged few , a new way of life , free from insecurity , anxiety , and the menace to health of a mass urban existence . What 's that ? They must be monitoring our private conversations , so they can answer us when we say something they think needs answering . Still , that shouldn 't worry you . Go ahead , Get married on Level Seven . [ classical music plays loudly ] Good morning . I 'm sorry it has to be here , but there 's nowhere else , not even my office , that 's free and quite private . Just stand together , will you ? Now then . X127 , do you take this woman , R7 4 7 , to be your wife ? I do . Do you , R7 47 , take this man , X127 , to be your husband ? I do . That 's all then . And here are your " M " badges , to show that you 're married . You can use Married Room Number Two , between eight and nine o 'clock tonight . [ woman over PA ] Level Seven , deep underground , offers to a privileged few , a new way of life , free from insecurity , anxiety , and the menace to health of a mass urban existence . Did you hear that ? I 've been trying it out . Just because I said : " underground " . It 's a bad word here . Freedom 's another . I tried that one on it too . Nobody 's listening to us , that 's where I was wrong . A machine does it . When the mic , here , sends it certain words , automatically those words start the tape correcting our ideas . Listen ! That 's all right , 127 , but what about democracy ? Listen for the click now . [ click ] Here we obey only impersonal commands , so that Level Seven is the only true democracy in the world today . Got the idea ? What tells us we 're wrong , and Level Seven is right , is a machine . We 're pupils of a tape . It 's a tape that tells us that we 've got a true democracy here . A tape controls our feelings forever , and the same with the music . Endless without ceasing . Only after every 12 days the same tune comes back again . - I have found that out . - I still don 't see what there is to get excited about . Why don 't you get married ? I told you before . Making the most of 60 minutes , having a girl on schedule ... That 's not marriage . And whatever they think it is , they can keep it . I don 't like this . You know the load of responsibility these Operations Officers carry . I 'd advise relieving him of duty until he 's had some treatment . He is becoming uncooperative , only wanting to make protests . He should never have been sent down here . All very well saying that now , but you know as well as I do the Operations Officers had more tests than anybody else . Yes , but mostly done by machines . If I 'd been given 20 minutes just to question this X117 , I 'd have reported differently on him . Possibly . But he 's here , doing his spells of duty , in the Operations Room . Do I take him off now , or risk it ? I 'd take him off , now , for treatment . I say risk it , but keep an eye on him . What the devil 's all this ? I 'm nearly up to alert . What are you getting ? No , no , nothing like that . But , wait a minute , it 's going up now . Watch it . I 'm nearly there . No , it 's sticking well below , it 's going to be all right . That 's just wishing . Watch it . This is it . Ready to alert control . Hurry up . We have got to warn Control . I can 't do it , I just can 't do it . Press the button , damn you ! Press it ! [ man over PA ] Control to Operations Room . All clear . All clear . [ sound of rocket launching ] No , no , no , no ! No . Button One , Button Two . Button Three , Button Four . Take it easy , 117 , take it easy . You 've just been having a nightmare , that 's all . Yes , a nightmare . Rockets , rockets , explosions ! Cities to dust and ashes . - Forget about them . - How ? It was just a false alarm , that 's all . The real thing will probably never happen . Then what are we doing here ? Buried a mile from where the sun 's shining ? I wasn 't asked if I wanted to spend my life down here . - Were you ? - No , but we were trained for it . Trained to read a certain sort of defence computer , that 's all . Not to spend the rest of our lives in a plastic test-tube , 4,500 feet deep . They tricked us into coming down here , then slammed the door to keep us underground . [ woman over PA ] Level Seven , deep underground , offers to a privileged few , a new way of life ... - Shut up ! ... free from insecurity , - Shut up ! anxiety and the- - Like a drink of water ? Yes , please . Thanks , 127 , whoever you really are , or were . What 's the matter with your arm ? I think it doesn 't want to press any more buttons . It doesn 't want to be here at all . It doesn 't see why any of us should be here . It 's arguing the point . It says that if the other side don 't even know , we 've got a Level Seven , then Level Seven can 't stop anything , but can only ruin everything . Our Number One Rockets , - for their Number One rockets . - Never mind the rockets , what 's the matter with your arm ? I don 't know . Let 's see . Shake hands , my friend , shake hands . It 's paralysed . I said it wasn 't with us . Just won 't understand how lucky it is to be here on good , old Level Seven . - Hello . - Hello . Well , we better introduce ourselves , I 'm X127 . Yeah . I 'm X117 . No , you 're not . X117 was taken to hospital this morning . That 's when he stopped being X117 . Look . - Morning , Wife ! - Good morning , Husband ! Married Room tonight . - And very special too . - Why special ? Because today is our anniversary . We 've been married six months . You know , we weren 't supposed to bring anything down here . But I had something in my pocket . And I want to give it to you tonight . Sort of , anniversary present . I 'm sorry , I haven 't got anything to give you . I can 't think of anything . What would you like ? Oh , the usual thing , just a nice bunch of flowers . Flowers . I 'd almost forgotten they existed . Still I 'd like to be able to give you some . Don 't look like that . I was only being silly . But just imagine even one ... A real flower . I must go . Seven o 'clock tonight . [ woman over PA ] No admittance , except to Air Supply Officers , Control Engineers , and Senior Administrative Staff . All messages through Communications . ln other words , " Buzz off ! " - That 's what she 's telling you , whoever she is . - You Air Supply ? - I am . How do you get in ? Door has to recognise your badge ! [ whirring ] There she goes . So long ! Hey ! What the- - [ loud humming ] [ loud humming continues ] [ water trickling ] [ man ] Look , here , I 'm telling you , I saw him ! [ water rippling , echoing ] Let 's forget about it , shall we ? Is that Maintenance ? [ man over radio ] Yes . Who are you ? This is Air Supply . AS327 . The outer door here has jammed . It won 't shut and won 't open properly . Might be a failure in the circuit . You haven 't been trying to force it , have you ? No , I haven 't . Naturally I tried to force it a bit . I thought it had stuck . Well , er ... Your present or my present first ? Did you really find something I 'd like ? - I hope so . - Yours first , then . All right . Well , close your eyes . [ gasps ] A flower ! A real flower ! Where did you get it ? Do you mean you won 't tell me ? If you don 't know , then you can 't tell . It 's much more fun that way . - I think I can guess - - No , you can 't . Now , listen , what about my present ? It 's here . You close your eyes . All right . Open your mouth . - Chocolate ! - Yes , real chocolate . Come on , you have some . - No , no , it 's for you . - Anything that 's mine is yours . - You have the bigger piece . - All right . Mmm . - Isn 't it good ? - Good ? It 's terrific , fabulous . It 's so rich . It was much too rich , that 's all . You 're a Level Seven man now , 127 , with a Level Seven digestive system , that works perfectly with the kind of food we give you . But it can 't take chocolate . Much too rich . How do you feel now ? - Dizzy and weak . - That 's the purging . You 'll be all right in a day or two . But no more chocolate . - There isn 't any more . - There 'd better not be . Enjoy your wife , but not with chocolate . Maybe marriage is too rich for Level Seven , like chocolate ? It 's all right now , you can take him away , I 've finished with him . Hey 117 ! You ought to know by now that 117 is the man who shares your quarters , and your spells of duty in Operations . Not to me he isn 't ! Then you 're asking for chocolate again ! What have you done to him ? The only thing possible . Couldn 't send him back up there . Nor keep him down here in that unstable condition . He 'll be all right now . We 're all of us all right , aren 't we ? I think your pulse is still too high . Come in , MR7 47 . I want to check a report I 've had , before taking disciplinary action . Is it true you are wearing a flower ? I see . Give it to me . This flower can only have come from the Plant Section , strictly out of bounds to all except the Air Supply staff . Did one of the Air Supply Officers give it to you ? No . I don 't believe you broke into the Plant Room yourself . Who did give it to you ? - Is it important ? - Of course . Discipline is always important . I 'd like to see the Plant Room myself , to watch the plants living and growing , putting out leaves and shoots , but rules are rules . I have to keep them like everyone else . Now , who gave you this flower ? Very well . It isn 't very difficult to guess . I heard about the chocolate incident . I shall recommend to A10 that your use of the Married Room be suspended for one month . I 'm sorry , it was all my fault . It was both of you . Anyway it won 't do you any harm , not to see MX127 for a while . I hear he 's been talking rather foolishly lately . He finds it difficult to forget life on the surface . Life on the surface was nothing . Mobs of aimless people , crowded streets , noise , fumes , newspapers and television . Millions of people live like that and are happy . Only unthinking people . Would you like to go back ? No . Not anymore . Now I 'm married and we 'll have children , I hope , and , here , I 'll know they 'll be safe . Exactly . Whatever happens they 'll be safe . And that 's only possible here on Level Seven . You may go . Something 's happening . It 's going up and up . Same here . Nearly up to alert . - I 'm there . - Me too . Ready to alert control . Ready to alert control . [ faint whirring ] Last time we soon got the " All clear " . Let 's not talk . This might be it . [ footsteps approaching ] Don 't worry about me . Get your hands in position to press those buttons together the moment you 're told . If you 're told . Every second will be precious . [ man over PA ] Press Button One . Press Button One . That 's enough . Get ready for Two . Well they 're on their way , then , the Number Ones . Two thousand of them at least . They 'll be registering on the central map soon . Nothing big from the other side yet ? No more than when we gave the alert . Who says so ? Look . There must be thousands coming ! [ man over PA ] Press Button Two . Press Button Two . Two thousand times 50 megatons , due to explode over their heads in just a few minutes now . They want war . They 're having it . - And so are we . - Not us , them . I 'll be surprised if we 're through yet . [ man over PA ] Press Button Three . Press Button Three . Fifty megaton warheads again , every one of these . Striking deep , exploding underground . Look at the big map ! Those must be our Number Ones arriving over there . Look at them ! Look at them ! Hundreds ! Thousands ! Well , they asked for it , trying a surprise attack . Look at the black spots coming up now . They 're all dangerously radio-active areas . Wait until the Number Twos hit them , then the black will really spread . I still can 't convince myself we 're really at war . It just seems like another exercise . That 's all it is , down here . We got sent to the right place , man . Didn 't you like anything up there ? Not one damn little thing . Let it fry . Don 't forget we 're waiting for one last signal from Control to release the Number Fours . Specially rigged super-H bombs . The radioactive effects they 'll have are something you couldn 't dream about . The fellows who rigged ' em could only guess at the minimum result . Have the enemy got any of these rigged super-H bombs ? Your guess is as good as mine . [ man over PA ] Attention , Operations . Attention , Operations . - Press Button Four . - [ General ] This is it , this is it . Press Button Four . Come on , 127 . What 's the matter with you ? Press Number Four , can 't you ? [ loud ringing ] Look man ! Our Number Fours are hitting ' em . And giving ' em plenty . Look at the black spreading . This is the Communications Room . Here is A10 to make an announcement . Attention everybody . At 09 : 07 hours this morning , twelve H-bomb missiles fell , in various parts of our territory . Ten of them in sparsely populated areas , two of them in big centres of population . The enemy claimed that this was the accidental result , of a technical failure , not a deliberate act of hostility . True or false , this claim arrived too late . And in reply to our limited retaliation , by our Number One Rocket at 09 : 50 , they released thousands of multi-megaton missiles , and , finally , at 11 : 15 , they began using highly radioactive rigged bombs , an act of complete barbarism for which , however , we were not unprepared . We hit back with our rigged Number Fours . The enemy 's last bomb exploded at 11 : 45 . The last of our bombs hit them at 12 : 10 . The war was over then , and we had won it . [ faint whirring ] Don 't you want me anymore ? I told you , I was dreaming about it . We were off , somewhere by ourselves . Well , we 're by ourselves here . It wasn 't a Married Room , it was somewhere of our own , up there , as it used to be . I often think about it too , what we 'd do if things were different . But what 's the use ? We have to make the best of what we 've got , and you 're here and I 'm here . You haven 't seen the map . I keep looking at the map - I don 't care about maps , It 's us- - I look at my hand too . As though that might be turning black soon . I keep washing it . That 's silly . Look ! Can 't you feel my heart ? Mine . Yours too . Belongs to you . Now we 're here together , no matter what is happening out there . We 're here , we 're alive . I ought to have said this before . But at first I didn 't know , and then when I did , I didn 't know how to say it , I love you . [ exhales ] Don 't worry . There 'll be plenty of times when we 'll be here together , soon you 'll have forgotten what 's been happening up there . What 's that you 've got ? The rigged super-H bombs they sent over , the highly radioactive ones , weren 't what we expected them to be . The dust worked faster , and in a different way . Instead of starting with nausea and sickness , the way we 'd all been told , it did something first to people 's eyes so they couldn 't see properly , and I think that 's why both Levels One and Two stopped sending messages . I mean , they were all groping round . Yes , yes . Was that all ? Yes , except there was a tremendous panic on when they found out that their joints were becoming rigid . - I kept on trying- - - Well , keep on . What 's that you 've been getting ? It 's from that painter and his wife who went up from Level Three to explore the surface . They took a portable television camera with them . I wonder if I should try to get their pictures . I told you , I don 't want anyone down here to see . It might make them feel ... restless . Not now it won 't . It 'll have the opposite effect . They only took a battery transmitter . It 'll give out soon and their last pictures may come through any moment . The ones I 've seen already , made me glad to be down here . Perhaps you 're right . Let them see it . Attention please ! I 'm trying to get through to the couple on the surface . Keep it quiet or you won 't hear them . Perhaps you 'll get some of their pictures Coming through now . Go ahead . We know we 're dying , it 's hard to speak at all . So listen to us , you people down there in the caves . There 's nothing to see here , but twisted metal and radio-active dust . Nothing , no birds are singing . No flowers growing , no trees , no fields . No men , no women , no children . Bare burnt earth , tortured metal , murderous dust , Nothing to see , nothing to hope for , nothing to love . The world is like a scorched ship , abandoned by the crew , It still revolves . There 's day and night , sun , moon and stars , but that 's all . Another dead planet . Men and women down there , in the caves , we 're dying , and we are glad . Our last message , last broadcast from the face of the Earth . All gone . Birds , flowers , trees , fields , Well , we might as well face the facts . Their side , ours , there 'll soon be nothing up there but a radioactive desert . Nothing growing , nothing living . What have we done ? [ screams ] [ loud whirring , alarm sounding ] Hey , come back ! You can 't go in there . Hey ! You can 't go in there . [ scuffling ] [ water rippling , echoing ] [ splashing ] Nothing from Three now . Some broken messages and pictures from Level Four . The radiation sickness had broken out there , people were staggering about half-blind . They were cursing everybody on Level Five , political and military leaders especially , and there seemed to be some idea of trying to get down there . They can 't do that . It 's not possible ! They were going to have a try . Keep listening ! Try to get more pictures . There 's nothing from Four . Absolutely dead . I 'll try Level Five . [ clicking ] [ indistinct chatter over radio ] I 'm picking up a message direct from the enemy . - What is it , man , what is it ? - Wait a minute ! [ indecipherable noises ] We have picked up a radio message direct from the enemy which was being sent to our Headquarters , on Level Five . It offered to conclude a peace treaty with us . Apparently , only a thousand of the enemy , secure in the deepest military level , are still alive . On the basis of this information we 're in a favourable position . We 'll negotiate from strength . - Yes ? - Just one question , if you don 't mind . What are we going to negotiate about ? Well , that won 't be your concern , X127 . We can leave all that to our Leaders and superior Officers . But if you really want to know , then what are peace negotiations generally concerned with ? Territory , strategic positions , wealth , markets , and so on ... But there aren 't any markets , wealth , strategic positions , territory . Everything 's gone . Not while there 's a duly constituted authority , to give us our orders , X127 . I must remind you , all of you , that you are still in the service of your country . Meanwhile , that is the situation . The enemy , knowing they have lost the war , are now suing for peace . [ low humming of vacuum cleaner ] X117 ? Yes , it is . X117 . Don 't you remember ? We shared a room together , we sat on duty here . What happened to you ? I don 't know . I can 't remember . Can 't you remember anything ? Sometimes I remember things , strange things . Sunlight , other places . What 's happened to it all ? We 've destroyed it . We 've burnt it , blasted it , and turned it all into murderous filth . Why did we do that ? What was wrong with , it ? There was nothing wrong with it . Then why ? Because there was something wrong with us . [ vacuum cleaner starts up ] Come on , man . You won 't pick up anything sitting like that . I 've only just stopped trying . There 's nothing to pick up . Nonsense ! What are the other side saying now , about the peace treaty ? They 're not saying anything . They 're out , finished . Finished ? - Get me Level Five at once . - I can 't . I 've been trying ever since I came on duty . Not a word , not a single picture . I see . Well , Level Six , then . Same thing . They 're out . That 's not possible . I don 't believe it . Try again , I 've tried for hours . I 've stared at this set so long , my eyes don 't know what they 're looking at . It 's no use . I tell you , there isn 't any Level Five or Level Six . They 're out , gone , finished ! Put me through to Level Six , and then get out of that chair . Level Seven calling Level Six ! Level Seven calling Level Six ! I can hear something . I knew you were wrong . Very faint , but I can hear something . Yes ? Speak up , can 't you ? [ indistinct speech ] Level Seven here , receiving you . You ... I was wrong , then . I 'm sorry . You weren 't far wrong . What I heard was the last man on Level Six able to speak , possibly the last man left alive , warning us that the radiation was on its way . Seeping down to us . I recognised his voice . A good soldier . Major General Butler . He used to be a friend of mine . Are you all right , sir ? Yes , of course . Doctor ! You 've got to look at him , he 's quite rigid . Get him in this chair . And don 't crowd us , you people . Is it radiation sickness ? He 's ill , that 's all . I think it 's radiation sickness . It couldn 't reach us this far down . We don 't know what 's happening . I know it 's radiation sickness . Doctor , what is it ? Tell me . I 'm frightened . Well , stop being frightened and shut up . If you 'll wait a moment , I 'll explain what 's happened . You must be on duty , you 'd better get back to the Communications Room . The Communication Room is useless . The last messages came through hours ago . What about Level Six ? Out ! Done for ! Dead and gone ! [ gasps from crowd ] Don 't start panicking . Listen to me . This radio operator 's been on duty half the day and half the night . His stomach 's reacting badly to exhaustion and anxiety , and he 's suffering from severe eye strain . So don 't start screaming about radiation sickness . And as for the news about Level Six , it doesn 't surprise me . They took a chance going down only 3,000 feet . We 're 4,500 feet down . That gives us complete security . I 've told you before , I tell you again . You 're safe . What does the General say ? I don 't know why you should think Administration understands these problems better than your Medical Staff . However , if it 'll make you any happier to learn what the General thinks , we 'll go and ask him . Come on . Why do you want to keep staring at that thing ? It 's all gone , and we can 't help it . We 're here together , we 're alive , we 're safe . And that 's all that matters , isn 't it ? It is now , to me . But you talk as if you don 't even want us to be safe . What I want isn 't going to make any difference . - It might have done years ago . - Never mind about years ago . But it 's what happened years ago , when we all went wrong , when we destroyed everything up there . And brought us here to die like blind rats in a sewer . That isn 't true . - What isn 't true ? - About being blind . It 's different here . We 're too far away . You heard what the doctor said . The doctor was wrong . He 's been wrong , for a long , long time . We let something loose we couldn 't begin to control . And now it 's wiping us off this planet like dirt on a window pane . - Doctor , you can 't- - - No , don 't come close to me , either of you . Any trouble with your sight yet , any sickness , any nausea ? - Rigidity of the joints ? - No , not yet . Get out of here up to the Plant Section . Try up there by Central Control . Not so many people . Just a chance . Hurry . Goodbye , Doctor . Goodbye . [ whirring ] [ whirring becoming louder , alarm sounding ] [ man over PA ] Show your badge . Press Button Three . Press Button Four . Press Button One . Press Button Two . Press Button Three . Press Button Four . - What is it ? - Press Button One . Press Button Two . It 's the tape that told me to destroy a continent . Just a machine ! We built the machines , oh , we were very clever people , and then the machines told us what to do , and we did it . The cleverest people who ever lived ... [ voice over tannoy continues ] ... only we didn 't live . Please . Switch it off . That 's better . I 'm sorry , but I don 't think I can go very far . Just as far as the Plant Room . Perhaps we can breathe there . Yes . [ water trickling ] [ splashing ] Isn 't there anybody alive anywhere ? There might be , in submarines under the North Pole or in deep mine shafts in Australia who might escape the radiation . I don 't know . [ classical music plays faintly ] Anyway , the music will go on . It repeats every 12 days , did you know that ? Every 12 days till eternity . I 'm very tired . It seems to be getting dark I think I 'll go to sleep . Yes , go to sleep . Good night , my love . Good night , my love .
