 [ theme music plays ] [ child ] Mummy ! Mummy ! Mummy ! [ screams ] [ groaning , screaming ] Arnold ! Arnold ! [ weeping ] Dr. Arnold Potterley is here , sir . Sit down , will you . Now what can I do for you ? Mr. Araman , I 've come to see you because you are a top man in Chronoscopy . Oh , no . That 's not strictly true . Above me is the World Commissioner of Research , and above him , the Secretary General of the United Nations and above both of them , of course , are the sovereign peoples of Earth . Yes , but they 're not interested in Chronoscopy . I 've come to you sir , because for two years , I 've been trying to get permission to do some time viewing , in connection with my researches on Ancient Carthage . - Yes . - Well , I haven 't been given it . My research grants are all in order . There 's no irregularity in any - of my intellectual endeavours - I 'm sure there isn 't . I must explain that my problem 's an urgent one . You see , Pre-Roman Carthage was the nearest equivalent to pre-atomic America . At least in terms of trade and business . Is that so ? How interesting . Yes , but the point is we only know about her from the writings of her bitter enemies . Anything she may have written in her own defence hasn 't survived . As a result , she 's become one of history 's villains . I 'm convinced that time viewing would set the record straight . You must realise , Professor , that Chronoscopy or time viewing as you call it , is an extremely difficult process . I only need certain selected views . The landing of Scipio Africanus , for instance , in 202 BC . There 's the question of focus , the synchronisation of sound , both of which call for completely different circuits . Surely my case is strong enough to justify consideration . There 's also a long waiting line . Is there no way ? I have waited two years . It 's a matter of priority , sir . I 'm sorry . Oh . [ sighs ] Mr. Araman . If it 's a question of money- - Really , Professor , I didn 't take you for such a fool . The decisions on priority are computer processed . I couldn 't influence them , even if I wished to . Just a minute , Professor Potterley . You won 't try and get help from anywhere else , will you ? The Department of Physics , for instance . I 'm sure I don 't have to warn you that if you did , you 'd be considered guilty of intellectual anarchy . And your basic grant would be instantly withdrawn . Good day , sir . Good day . And my sincere thanks . I 'm always fascinated to know what they think when they leave this office . Do they really believe what they are told ? We know what they do . They go home , stamp their feet , say unkind things about you and wait for their wives to bring them to their senses . Yes . But they never cause us any trouble . It really is most disappointing . Shall I dispose of the file in the usual way ? Would you say he was a threat to us ? Dr. Potterley ? Determined ? Cunning ? He 's a History Professor . Yes , but he did try and bribe me . Well , they all try that . I wonder . Shall I take the file now , Mr. Araman ? No , my dear , not this one . We 're going to have a little fun with Professor Potterley . [ rustling ] [ doorbell rings ] - Jonas Foster ? - Yes . I 'm Arnold Potterley of the History Department . We did meet briefly last week at the faculty tea . May I come in ? - Yes , of course . - Thank you . I 'll come straight to the point , Mr. Foster . You 're an instructor in Physics , if I remember . Yes . So you know something about Neutrinics . Well , no , not really . But you could help me to find out about it . Cigarette ? No , no , thank you . I 'm sorry , I can 't stand the smell of them . - Well , sit down . - Thank you . I 'm flattered you should ask me to help you Dr. Potterley - but I 'm not a Neutrinics man . - What do you mean ? You 're not anything yet . You haven 't received a grant , have you ? - No this is only my first year . - Then how do you know your subject won 't turn out to be Neutrinics ? Because I 'm basically interested in hyper optics . As a matter of fact , I 've never even studied Neutrinics . Why not ? There wasn 't a course in it at my university . Good heavens ! - Where did you go ? - MIT . They don 't teach it there ? It 's a highly specialised subject of no great value . It 's only practical use is in Chronoscopy , and that 's a dead end . Well , do you know where I can find a Neutrinics man , or even a school that teaches it ? No , I 'm sorry . But you won 't help me ? I can 't . Even expressing an a opinion would be out of line . - Even you know- - - Yes ? Well , as a historian , your interest in Physics- - I mean your professional interest , it 's ... It 's unethical . Yes , quite frankly . Well , my researches have driven me to it . Go and see the Research Commission . I already have . They weren 't any help . That 's the end of it , I 'm afraid . Why ? Don 't you think we have the right to follow our own curiosity ? Do you believe that research should be controlled by a few politicians just because they happen to hold the purse strings ? It 'll be stifled . You 've only got to look around you . There are signs of it already . You think I 'm talking like a school boy ? No , but you don 't run a factory by allowing every individual to do exactly as he likes . You can 't compare the pursuits of the human mind with the running of a factory . But both need the same kind of direction . It was different a hundred years ago , I admit . Some marvellous discoveries were made by sheer accident . But as we got more data and more knowledge , so we had to specialise . It all developed quite naturally . And now , every branch of science is geared to the public 's needs . You speak like a computer . Official propaganda . Every word . Well , what about the fantastic advances we made in the last 100 years ? I don 't see signs that science is being stifled . So you consider it old fashioned for a man to follow his own inclination . No , but it can 't be done on your terms . That 's all . But I 'm living proof that it can . And will . All right . I wish you luck . Mr. Foster , why do you say that time viewing is a dead end ? You may claim to be completely ignorant of it . It 's not even given in your school . That 's proof enough , I should 've thought . Oh , I see . It 's not given because it 's unimportant . And it 's unimportant because it 's not given . Are you satisfied with that ? All the texts say that . Yes , the professors tell you so because they read it in the books . The books say so because the professors write them . But who says it from personal experience ? Do you know anyone ? We don 't seem to be getting anywhere- - Now just listen to me for a minute . I say the Government is actively suppressing research in Neutrinics and Chronoscopy . - What ? - They could do it . If they refuse grants in any portion of science they kill it . I say they killed Neutrinics . - Why should they ? - I don 't know . I want you to find out . I 'd do it myself if I knew enough . But you 're a young fellow with a brand new education . I can 't believe you have no ... curiosity . What have you got there ? The library index . You won 't find a book on Neutrinics . I 've already tried . - It 's not conclusive . - No . But you 're curious , aren 't you ? You want answers . Look , why not come and dine with us tomorrow night ? My wife would be so pleased . - Coffee , Arnold ? - No , thank you dear . - Dr. Foster ? - Yes please . Black . Are you married Dr. Foster ? - Erm , no . - Why ever not ? I beg your pardon ? Well ... A fine young man like you . Caroline , dear . My daughter , Laurel , is your age . I didn 't know you had a daughter , Mrs. Potterley . - She died in a fire . - I 'm sorry . Oh , it was years ago now . Arnold did his best to save her . He nearly died himself trying to get out of the house . - Didn 't you , my dear ? - Caroline , please . I was out shopping . For quite unnecessary things . Mr. Foster , would you care to bring your coffee into my study . Forgive us , dear , we have things to discuss . - Excuse me - Yes , of course . You must forgive my wife . She seems unable to forget . I do my best , but she seems to get worse as she grows older . I can see that my books surprise you . - Yes . Can you still use them ? - Very much so . That must seem strange to a young man like yourself with all this use of film nowadays . But I still believe in the magic of the printed word . That is Moloch . The Carthaginians used to worship him . What 's this ? Oh , a furnace . It 's commonly thought that they offered sacrifices to it . Human sacrifices ? Well , of course , that 's one of the things I should like to find out . With your help , perhaps . Shall we get down to business ? Please sit down . Now , as I 'm sure you know , the Institute of Chronoscopy puts out a monthly bulletin which lists items from the past that have been viewed . Yes , I 've heard of it . Well , has nothing ever struck you about these items ? - No . What ? - Their triviality ... I mean to say , we learn nothing that we don 't already know . Well , I 'm afraid I never paid much attention . Of course not . But I kept asking myself , why should such researches get priority over my own work ? So I wrote to the people who were researching into the items described . Of course , I had to do it very discreetly . I discovered that none of them were using the Chronoscope . Not one . Look , those are their replies . - But why weren 't they using it ? - I don 't know . But I have a very good idea . ln fact it 's more than that . It 's a theory . [ Potterley ] Sterbinski invented the Chronoscope and at the time , it was well publicized . - Isn 't that right ? - [ Foster ] Yes . [ Potterley ] Then the Government took it over and decided to repress any further research . But they couldn 't leave it at that . People might get curious . So what did they do ? They pretended to use it . The monthly bulletins became a part of normal life . - And everyone was satisfied . - Yes . - Except you . - My case is different . I have something that must be done . Maybe the Chronoscope doesn 't exist at all ? - It must . - No one 's seen it , have they ? Sterbinski lived and he built one . That much is fact . Only the texts say so . Listen , Mr. Foster , I need one of these machines . And you and I between us , we 're going to find out enough about Neutrinics , so that we can build one . - [ surprised ] Build one ? - Why not ? Well , it 's impossible . It took Sterbinski 20 years and several millions in composite grants . Even if we had the time and I could learn enough from the text , which I very much doubt . Where would we get the money and equipment ? The thing filled a five storey building- - Yes , but science has advanced since then . You said so yourself . All we need is the knowledge . Even so , we 'd never get away with it . They 'd be onto us in no time . Then , you won 't help me ? I tell you what I can do . I 've got an uncle who 's a science journalist . His name is Ralph Nimmo . You may have heard of him . Oh , yes , of course . He can find out what the Government 's up to . - I 'll ask him for you . - Excellent . But you must understand , that 's as far as I 'm prepared to go . Can you see him this evening ? - Well , yes , I suppose . - Yes , Caroline , what is it ? I was wondering if you 'd like a drink . No , Mr. Foster is just leaving . - So soon ? - I 'm afraid so . Good night , and thank you for a very pleasant evening . Good night Mr. Foster . I shall wait to hear from you . - Well- - - Good night . Arnold , you haven 't spoken foolishly to him , have you ? Of course not . He 's going to do some Neutrinics for me , that is all . But that 's not about history , is it ? What ? Arnold , you don 't know nothing about this young man . He might be an agent for the Commissioner of Research . You could lose your position . What you 're doing , it 's- - It 's intellectual anarchy , my dear . That 's the phrase . But if the Government won 't let me push my researches , I have to push them on my own . If I show it 's possible , others will follow . And if they don 't , it makes no difference . It 's Carthage that counts and human knowledge . Not you and I. - Have you checked up on him ? - Yes , before I went to dinner . He 's done three texts on the Ancient Mediterranean world . It all ties in with what he says . He seems a bit eccentric , but I think he 's harmless . They always are , Government spies . And with a name like Potterley , even a one eyed alcoholic like myself could be expected to raise a questioning eyebrow , Jonas . Uncle , I 've not involved myself , I 'm just interested that 's all . Well ... I 'll have to go along with him . He might have some influence with the Dean . So it 's university politics , is it ? It 's no good taking any chances . You 're already stepping out of line , asking my opinion . What are you going to do ? Ring up the Research Commission ? Perhaps I should . Before you get into trouble . I 've seen this happen before with the academic scientist . Something unusual catches his fancy and before he knows what 's happened to him , he 's done so little work on his allocated research they can 't justify his application for a project renewal . Uncle , all I want to know is what 's passed through your hands lately on Neutrinics . I suppose I can tell you that . Nothing . Lately , or ever , come to think of it . Nothing ? Well , who does get the work then ? I don 't know . It 's not mentioned at the annual conventions . I don 't think much work 's being done there . - [ loudly ] Why not ? - Steady on . Don 't you know ? All I know about Neutrinics is it concerns the actions of neutrino movements and is vaguely connected with time viewing . Well , thanks , I know that much myself . I 'm sorry , chum . Have a peach . [ groans ] Is there a text on it ? Something I 'd be likely to understand . Let 's see , the only one I know of was 'Sterbinski and Lamar ' . I 've never seen it . Sterbinski who invented the Chronoscope ? - What ? I suppose so . - But he died 30 years ago . - Is there a recent edition ? - No idea . Uncle , could you find out for me ? I could . Uncle , you can have full publication rights - to anything that turns up . - I took that for granted . Then get me a reel of the text , will you ? [ sighs ] All right . But a word of warning , Jonas . I admire your attitude to this . God knows we need it badly enough if we 're not all going to turn into a collection of state oiled robots . But whatever you 're up to , don 't tell anyone about it . Not even me . If it gets out , you 're finished . If you come up with something , well and good . Then you can leave it to me to see it gets recognised . But until then , absolute silence . - Right ? - Right . The young man has spirit . I find his actions most reassuring , don 't you , my dear ? Don 't you think we 've taken this joke far enough ? We 've only just started . And they 're stumbling around in the dark . The professor 's quite harmless , you said so yourself . Or is it the young man that worries you ? I think we should arrest them . I 've served the Government for 25 years . A quarter of a century of almost unrelieved boredom . And now , just when I have something to occupy my interest you want me to stop it . What happens if they learn the truth ? - What do we do with them , then ? - They won 't get that far . We have our eye on them . You really enjoy that part of it , don 't you ? Oh , yes , but no more than you , my dear Miss Clements . What about Nimmo ? Do you want us to watch him too ? No . He 's far too clever to get involved . He 's waiting , like we are . No for the time being , just the professor ... - ... and the young man . - Very well . Sterbinski and Lamarr . Well , it 's what you asked for isn 't it ? - It 's so old . - You 're lucky to get that . I tried to get a film from the Fellows Library . No luck , the text is restricted . - How did you get this then ? - Pinched it from the Public . - What ? - Simple enough . I had access to the stacks . So I leapt over a railing when no one was around , and lifted it . [ chuckling ] They 're very trusting people in there . - Won 't they miss it ? - Not for years . But don 't let anyone catch you with it . - Is this all you could get ? - Yes , it 's very odd . There 's nothing more recent in the whole field of Neutrinics . Not a monograph , paper , progress report . Nothing since the Chronoscope . [ whirring continues ] [ whirring ] I do hope you 'll be comfortable down here . It 's not much I 'm afraid , but it 's better than going home at this time of night . It 's fine , thank you . - Have you had enough to eat ? - Yes , plenty . - If there is anything else- - - No , no . Thank you . What is time viewing exactly ? - Your husband can explain . - Yes , he 's tried . But he gets rather impatient with me . Can you actually see people from the past ? Or is it just dot patterns like your computer ? I believe it makes pictures . - And can you talk to people ? - I don 't know . Possibly . Look , don 't feel you have to treat me like a guest . No , I don 't . I 'm just waiting , that 's all . What for ? The first time you came here , you went with Arnold into the library , you remember ? I listened at the door . Oh , I know I shouldn 't have . But I was worried that he was doing something wrong . - You said- - - Yes ? That you weren 't going to build a Chronoscope . No , of course not . Well , I 'm hoping you 'll change your mind . Why ? Well , it would be wonderful wouldn 't it ? To see people from the past . Not just kings and pharaohs , but people like ourselves . - I do hope you will build one . - Caroline ? No smoking , please . We 're going to do it , Jonas . Between us , we 're going to see Carthage . Did you ever read about her at school ? No , I suppose not . But she was important , you know . As important as New York , in her time . Queen of the seas . All that Syracuse and Alexandria pretended to be . Maligned by her enemies . Unable to speak in her own defence . She was first defeated by Rome , and driven out of Sicily and Sardinia . But she fought back with new conquests in Spain . And raised up Hannibal to give Rome 16 years of terror . She was defeated a second time , but again she picked herself up . Indeed , she recovered so well that jealous Rome deliberately provoked a third war . Which lasted two years . And ended only with the complete destruction of the city . The inhabitants threw themselves into the flaming houses , rather than surrender . Could people fight like that for a way of life as bad as the ancients painted it ? - I know what they say about Moloch . - Yes . They threw little children alive into the flames . Little babies sacrificed at times of national crisis . The priests and the people just stood by . They gave the children sweets and beat drums , so the ceremony wouldn 't be spoiled by their crying . All lies . The mothers watched , Jonas . They watched , and did nothing . - They were barbarians . - Vicious lies . War propaganda put out by their enemies to discredit them . How can he be sure , Jonas ? We 'll prove it to you , Caroline . Just you wait and see . - We 'll prove it 's all lies . - Dr. Potterley , please ! I 'm sorry . You must understand it 's impossible for me to work if you 're both down here . From now on , I 've got to have complete privacy . Of course . I understand . Caroline . - Thank you . - We won 't disturb you again . [ murmurs ] Dr. Potterley I shall want to install some equipment down here . What kind ? Just a few odd things , I don 't know what they are yet . - I 'll have to ask my uncle . - Yes ? I just wanted to know if you had any objection , that 's all . Well , no . Will you be using much electricity ? I 'm afraid I may . It 's not that I mind the expense . But the city might ask questions . It won 't be for long . I just want to conduct a few experiments . [ indistinct chatter ] - The stairs are very steep . - Stairs ? Yes , there they are . Steps down there . I may manage Jonas but I 'm a bit rusty . I gave up stairs ten years ago . These aren 't very good ones . Carefully gentle . I refuse to believe this is scientific equipment at all . You 're hoarding bullion . Well , you may be right . Over there . [ overlapping speech ] [ groaning , struggling ] Now , what are you going to do with it all ? I don 't know yet . I hope you realise the risk I took . Why ? You 're not a research man . You don 't have to account for anything . And you know you can have full publication rights for anything that turns up . - It had better be good . - I think it may be . - How long before you know ? - About a week or two . You 've already wasted a lot of time . What about your real work ? I suppose that 's all gone to pieces . This is my real work . Oh , Lord ! It 's come to that , has it ? Have they started to ask you questions ? - Who ? - Your department , man . - Ah , not yet . - They will . Then you 'll be out . Finished . Disgraced in the media . Another scandal in the family . Which it can ill afford . Uncle , I 'm grateful for all your help but just let me get on with this . All right , I 'm going . But I warned you from the beginning , remember ? I have no intention of arguing with you . Like a mule , just like your mother . I 'm merely trying to prepare you for the consequences . [ whirring ] [ doorbell rings ] - Mrs. Potterley ? - Yes ? I 'm Thaddeus Araman . - Is your husband in ? - Yes , I think so . - There 's a visitor , my dear . - Professor . Well , Mr. Araman . Have you come to tell me it 's my turn for the Chronoscope ? I 'm afraid not . No , it 's a trivial matter . I won 't waste too much of your time . - Well , won 't you sit down . - Thank you . Now then , I understand you know a certain Jonas Foster . He 's a Physics instructor at your university , isn 't he ? Yes , I know him by sight . Not to speak to ? I may have exchanged a few words with him . At a faculty tea . Well , one meets so many people , I really can 't remember . Oh , then I must be misinformed . I was led to believe that you knew him quite well . As you say , you have been misinformed . Yes . What a magnificent collection of books you have ! It 's always a pleasure to meet someone nowadays who still finds magic in the printed word . Erm ... - This young man ... - Foster . - Foster . Is he in trouble ? - Oh , not exactly . There 's been a suggestion that he 's been carrying out some experiments in the field of Chronoscopy . Some form of ancient worship ? - His name is Moloch . - Ah , fascinating ! It is only a suggestion , but we have to check these things and as you 've recently been to see me- - I 'm afraid I know nothing about it . I 'm glad to hear it . What an extremely comfortable apartment you have . The University does you proud . I 've served it for a long time . Of course . Just these two floors ? There is a basement . Full of more books no doubt . As you know , I have the authority to make a search . But I won 't inconvenience you . Your word is good enough for me . You have it . Then there 's no more to be said . Good night , Professor . Mrs. Potterley . - Good night . - Good night . - Arnold- - - Yes , all right dear . - Jonas , Araman was here . - Who 's Araman ? Good heavens ! What ? - Oh , it wasn 't important . - Oh . I 've finished the experiments . And a Chronoscope can be built . - Down here ? - Er , yes . - But you said it 's impossible . - I was wrong . - Are you sure , Jonas ? - Of course I 'm sure . If it was just a question of theory we could have had a time viewer years ago when the neutrino was first put forward . Trouble was , nobody knew what to do with it . It was Sterbinski who discovered that it travelled through time as well as space . He found the means of stopping it . He even invented a recorder which could interpret the pattern of the neutrino stream . And time viewing was possible . He even found a way of converting air vibrations into sound . - Yes , yes , but when ? - Out of the way . Everything then depended on how you analysed the stream . Sterbinski 's method was difficult . It used up too much energy . But I 've studied pseudo gravities . Which is the science of artificial gravitational fields . It 's something quite new . If Sterbinski , or anyone , had known about it , they could 've solved it at once . I knew it . [ shouting ] So much for your centralised direction of science . - It bears out all my theories . - Congratulations . Now , there 's just one small thing . Never mind . Just tell me when you can build a Chronoscope ? - It won 't do you any good . - But why ? - You 'll never see Carthage . - Never ? But , surely , isn 't it just a question of focus ? No , when the field is interpreted , you get random factors . It 's the same with all subatomic particles . Random factors which produce a kind of fuzziness . What 's technically known as noise . The further back in time you go , the greater the fuzziness , the greater the noise , until finally the picture 's drowned . - Well , use more power . - It won 't do any good . If the noise blurs the detail , intensifying the detail only amplifies the noise . You can only time view so far back . How far ? How far ? A century and a quarter . At the most . A century and a quarter ! That 's rubbish . The monthly bulletin from the Commission deals almost entirely with Ancient History . The Government has data that goes as far back as 3,000 BC . When did you start believing that ? Didn 't you begin this whole thing by proving they were lying ? No historian has ever used the Chronoscope . And now you know the reason . They couldn 't . You must be wrong . You don 't know everything . Dr. Potterley , the Government 's been having us on . It 's all a hoax . - Why ? - Don 't ask me . You 're just theorising . Build one and try . Do you think I haven 't ? You think I 'd tell you all this before I 'd checked it every possible way ? I have built a Chronoscope . It 's all around you . Look . [ high pitched noise ] - Nothing . - Wait a minute . [ gasps ] An old fashioned ground car . Mid twentieth century , somewhere . I can 't hook up an audio yet , but we can add sound later . Only 80-odd years ago and you can see the quality . Build a larger machine . Improve your circuits . I 've told you . There are limits . You 're lying . - I won 't believe you . - [ Caroline ] Arnold . - What is it Caroline ? Leave us . - No . I heard . I couldn 't help it . Have you got a time viewer , Jonas ? Down here ? Yes , Mrs. Potterley . Not a very good one , but- - - It 's marvellous . - It 's nothing of the kind . The young fool can 't get further back- - - Dr. Potterley- - - Please . Listen to me . Even if it goes back only 20 years , we can see Laurel . What does it matter about Carthage ? It 's Laurel , Arnold . She 'll be alive for us again . Leave the machine here , Jonas . Show us how it works . Caroline , please ! What 'll you see ? You want to live those years over and over again ? Watching a child who 'll never grow up ? You 'll go mad . Is that what you want ? Is it ? I want my child . She 's there in that machine , and I want to see her . She isn 't in that machine . It 's only an image of her . Can 't you understand ? - Something that 's not real . - I want my child . I want my baby . [ sobbing ] Don 't you come near me . I 'll kill you . I swear it . [ clattering ] [ hissing , dull buzzing ] You can send me a bill for the damage . Now , get out of here . And don 't ever come back . [ groans ] [ sobbing ] Arnold ! [ doorbell rings ] - May I come in ? - Yes . I suppose I ought to apologize for my behaviour the other night . - It was the disappointment- - - Yes . Well . Is that all ? I think my wife has called you . She 's been rather hysterical . She told me she had , but I couldn 't be quite sure . Yes , she called . Would you be good enough to tell me what she wanted ? She wanted a Chronoscope . She had some money of her own , and she was willing to pay . - What did you say ? - I said I wasn 't in the manufacturing business . Good . Please don 't take calls from her- - Look , Dr. Potterley , I 'm not interested in your domestic difficulties , but you might as well know that the Chronoscope can be built by anyone . You can buy the parts at any small etheric sales . But no one else would think of it . You don 't think I 'm going to keep it secret , do you ? You 've no alternative . It 's illegal research . - That won 't stop me . - But how will you do it ? None of the reputable journals will touch it . - I 'll pull my own pamphlet . - You 'll lose your grants . If the university wants to sack me , that doesn 't matter . I 'll resign . You can 't do it , Jonas . You didn 't mind me taking risks a few months ago . Why are you so concerned now ? When you first came to me , I believed in organised and directed research like everyone else . I even thought you were dangerous . But for one reason or another , you got me onto your side and I 've accomplished some great things . I still don 't believe in total anarchy but there must be some kind of flexibility . Look , Jonas , I do appreciate your feelings . I once felt the same way myself . Yes . Two days ago . I got you into this . But I was acting selfishly . It was my interest in Carthage that got the better of me . I can 't just stand by and watch you throw away your career . What you 're saying is , Carthage and Government dictatorship , mean nothing to you anymore ? Even an old fool like myself can learn , Jonas . Two days ago , I thought a Chronoscope could be used purely for research purposes . But my wife showed me I was wrong . Well , you saw her reaction , didn 't you ? All she wanted was to return to her own private memories . And it wouldn 't be just her . Everyone 's past will be visible . Think of the Government 's position . They 'd be subjected to all kinds of blackmail and unnatural pressures . Who 's got a past that 's absolutely clean ? ln fact , organised Government might well become impossible . Maybe . But there is an important principle involved here . This is a genuine scientific advance and I 'm going to publish it . A few politicians with cold feet aren 't going to stop me . Not just politicians , Jonas . Everyone . Children searching for their lost parents , grown men for their youth . We 'll have a whole world living in a dead past . Don 't worry . People will soon get tired of that . But what about my wife , man ? She 'll live through the fire that killed our child over and over again . Hoping it won 't happen . Trying to prevent it . What are you so afraid , she 'll find out ? What really happened that night of the fire ? Caroline went out and left me babysitting . I went in to see if the child was all right . I had a cigarette with me . There was an ashtray on the chest of drawers . I was sure I stubbed it out . I left the child asleep . I went back to the living room and dozed off in front of the video . I woke up , choking . There were flames everywhere . I rushed into the child 's room . I picked her up but when I got out of the house , she was dead in my arms . I don 't know how it started . But you never told your wife about the cigarette ? And , now , with the Chronoscope , she 'll find out . Maybe it wasn 't the cigarette . I can 't take the risk . But it 's not just myself , Jonas . The past has its terrors for most people . Is that why you 're so interested in Moloch ? - What ? - Burning human sacrifices . You feel that if you can prove that it never happened , you could lessen your own feeling of guilt ? Perhaps , in some way . I 'm sorry for you , Dr. Potterley , believe me . But this goes beyond personal feelings . Does it ? I doubt it , Mr. Foster . I think you see this as your chance to become a famous and important young man , regardless of the cost . - I don 't see it like that . - No , of course not . Well , it may be part of it . I 'm only human . And nothing will make you change your mind ? I 'm sorry . Very well . ln that case . If you 're thinking of killing me , or something lunatic like that , I 've got the information in a safety deposit vault . Don 't be a fool . [ high-pitched bleeping ] You do call at the most inconvenient moments . Listen , Uncle . This is important . I 'm going to leave an envelope , addressed to you at the bank . - Oh , yes . - It 's got some information in . Doesn 't matter what , but if anything should happen to me ... What are you talking about ? Is something likely to happen ? - It 's just a precaution , Uncle . - Really laudable , Jonas . Really . Showing unmistakable symptoms of maturity . I hope you 're quite well . Now be a nice , kind nephew and ring off , will you ? Uncle wants to go back to the bathroom . Good night , Uncle . I want them brought here . Both of them . [ door closes ] What 's this ? I 'm the one to blame . It was entirely my responsibility . I persuaded the young boy against his will . I only came to you because Chronoscopy must be stopped . You see , my child was killed in a fire . My wife would spend her time ... - You do understand . - Quite so . - Dr. Foster is here now , sir . - And the other one ? He wasn 't at his home . They 're trying the other address . What 's going on ? Sit down , Dr. Foster . And you , Professor . Thank you , Miss Clements . I am Thaddeus Araman , department head of the Division of Chronoscopy . I 've brought you here because of some information given to me by Professor Potterley and confirmed by our own sources . - I 've explained- - - Naturally . He is anxious to take the blame , but I 'm afraid the matter is out of his hands now . All right , what are you going to do ? Order the university to sack me ? That 's certainly in my power . If that 's all . I 'll go and clear- - It 's not all , Dr. Foster . You must agree to do no further research in Chronoscopy . To publish none of your findings and , of course , build no machine . You will be kept under constant watch to make sure . Unauthorised research may not be ethical but it certainly isn 't criminal . It is in this case , my young friend . And if you don 't agree , you 'll be kept in jail and stay there . Why ? What 's so special about Chronoscopy ? That doesn 't concern you . You must simply accept that no further development can be made in the field . That won 't do any good . All science hangs together . Something else will turn up . If you stop part of it , you might as well stop it all . That may be true in theory , but we 've managed to hold Chronoscopy down to the Sterbinski level for 50 years . And now that we 've stopped you in time , - we 'll continue to do so . - I see . Is anyone allowed to use your Chronoscope ? None outside this department . I may as well tell you , since you 've obviously guessed as much . But I warn you not to repeat it . So it only goes back a hundred years or so . - Yes . - And your bulletin is a hoax . Yes , it is . ln that case , I certainly won 't promise to keep quiet . Suppressing science is one thing , but depriving mankind of its benefits- - - I warn you- - - Well , put me in jail . Then we can have it all out at the trial . Oh , let 's get this straight , Dr. Foster . There 'll be no trial , you 'll go to jail directly . You won 't see a lawyer . You won 't even be charged . You 'll simply stay in jail . You can 't do that . This isn 't the last century . [ commotion outside the office ] - Take your hands off me . I 've always accept invitations , Araman . The violence was quite unnecessary . Do you know him ? I 've had dealings with the man . He 's got nothing to do with this . He supplied you with the Neutrinics literature and also certain pieces of equipment . - Did you tell him that ? - No . - How does he know then ? - Do you deny it ? There 's no point , it seems . And you were fully aware of what Dr. Foster was doing ? Of course I was . He was building a semi-portable , low-powered Chronoscope . Well , that 's right , isn 't it ? I never told him . Even a classified science writer can add two and two . - You 're under arrest . - What for ? - Unauthorised research . - I wasn 't doing any . I can 't . I 'm not a registered scientist . And even if I did , it 's not illegal . It 's all right , Uncle . This bureaucrat makes his own laws . - Does he ? - Such as life imprisonment without trial . Look here , Araman , my nephew and I have relatives . The professor as well , I imagine . You can 't just make us all disappear . There 'd be a scandal . You can 't afford that . This is nothing but a clumsy attempt at intimidation . You three fools understand nothing of what you 've done . - Oh , we understand , all right . - Do you ? - Jonas . - Come with me . - What now ? Torture ? - Yes . Of a kind . - The Government Chronoscope . - Sit down , please . Are you ready ? Well , now , what are you going to show us ? You 'll see . Now , listen to me . When people think of the past , they think of it as dead . Something that happened long ago . Greece , Rome , Carthage , Egypt . Our monthly bulletins encourage them to think like this . Yes . But you know the limits of this machine . So what does the past mean to you ? Your dead mother ? Your youth ? Your first girl ? But when does it really begin ? Well , isn 't it obvious ? It begins an instant ago . The dead past is just another name for the living present . Is it beginning to sink in ? [ voices from Chronoscope ] Look . Yes , Mrs. Potterley . Not a very good one , but- - - It 's marvellous . - It 's nothing of the kind . The young fool can 't get further back- - - Dr. Potterley- - - Please . Listen to me . Don 't you understand ? As long as it goes back 20 years , we can see Laurel . What 's it matter about Carthage ? It 's Laurel , Arnold . She 'll be alive for us again . Leave the machine here , Jonas . Show us how it works . - Caroline . - Please ! What will you see ? You want to live those years over and over again ? Watching a child who 'll never grow up ? You 'll go mad . Is that what you want ? Is it ? I want my child . She 's there in that machine , and I want to see her . She 's not in that machine . It 's only an image of her . Can 't you understand ? - Something that 's not real . - I want my child . I want my baby . [ sobbing ] Don 't come near me . Or I 'll kill you . I swear it . [ banging , clattering ] [ hissing , dull buzzing ] Stop it ! Stop it ! Turn it off . Now perhaps you 've got some idea of what might happen if we let this monster get out . People might start by watching their dead loved ones , but it wouldn 't be long before they saw the possibilities , would it ? The housewife watching her husband or her neighbour . The businessman , his competitor . The employer , his employees . You name it . Every man his own peeping Tom . - And you were watching us ? - Yes . - Since when ? - Since the beginning of course . You mean , you knew the night you came to my house ? Oh , yes . Why didn 't you stop them ? He was enjoying himself too much . No , we thought you might be onto something . We wanted to know what it was . ln the interests of research , I suppose . - So it 's the end of privacy . - Precisely . We shall have to start living in the dark . That 's no escape . The machine can be adjusted to the infrared . We 'll be seen by our own body heat . Not clearly of course , and the surroundings will be dark . But that 'll make the titillation only greater . Even now , in spite of the regulations , - the men indulge . - All right . Forbid private manufacture . Do you think that 's going to help ? Can you stop drinking , smoking and adultery ? Good heavens , in a thousand years we haven 't wiped out the heroin traffic . All right , I won 't publish . We won 't talk . None of us . I 'm sorry . Just a minute . Did you follow me on this thing ? We saw you hand over the Neutrinics literature and the equipment . And when we were looking for you , we found you at the house of a certain prominent biochemist . Yes , I was wondering about that . He was away at a convention , his wife did not accompany him . What 's that got to do with this ? - Do you want me to show them ? - No , thank you . - You mean , you actually- - - There was no alternative . - The matter was urgent . - My God . Leave it , Jonas . Can 't you see the man 's enjoying himself ? He talks about our ethics . I 'm merely trying to ram it into your heads . Yes , all right . You 've done that , haven 't you . Did you see anything else ? - No . - Pity . What ? Two nights ago , my nephew called me to say he 'd put some information in a safety deposit box at the bank . Yes , we know all about that . The box was opened , and the envelope was removed . It was still there , when I opened the box . Impossible ! I left strict instructions . I know if anything happened to you . But you 're forgetting it 's my bank as well . It wasn 't difficult to gain access . What are you talking about ? Just this . I sent the details of the portable Chronoscope to half a dozen of my regular publicity outlets . You what ? The boy was obviously in trouble . I guessed he was planning to publish illegally . If he did , it would ruin his career . Under a system like yours , anything unpredictable is a crime against the state . So , there was no choice . I had to get in first . Distribute the stuff , take full responsibility of the publication . ln all my life , it 's the only decent thing ... Well , how was I to know ... ? Nobody knew anything . You all just took it for granted the Government was stupidly bureaucratic and vicious . It never occurred to any of you that we were trying to protect mankind as best we could . Can 't you do something ? - Get the names of the people ? - It 's too late . His publicity outfits have had time to check the data and pass on the news . By the end of the week , at least 500 people will be able to build a Chronoscope . And there 's nothing I can do to stop them .
