 [ theme music plays ] [ beeping ] [ Captain over intercom ] Annuncio ? Annuncio ? Yes , Captain Follenbee . I want to see you in my cabin immediately . Did you hear me ? Get here ! Idiot . Non-compos . Stupid . Non-compos . Dr. Sheffield ? [ harmonic electric tones ] [ muted speech ] [ Novee ] I can 't make it out . [ Cimon ] If I told you it was one of these dots , would you know the difference ? No . Which dot is it ? It 's a legitimate question . After all , we 'll soon be living on Troas . For all we know , we may be dying on it . Nobody 's going to die , unless it 's from over-eating . A thousand people did die on it once . Mysteriously . Aren 't you interested in finding out why ? We wouldn 't be here otherwise . As far as I 'm concerned , Troas is just an ordinary planet . Why I volunteered for this mission is its only mystery . A humanitarian impulse , perhaps ? But we all know how vital it is for new and habitable planets to be found and settled , now that the population explosion is out of hand . Hence , my friend , it 's humanitarian to explore Troas . Buzz off . Not very shrewd for those of us who wish to be " in " with the current establishment . If I volunteered for any reason , it was to have the opportunity of observing a planet with a double sun . Scientists who specialise in observing suns and stars can afford self-deception . But such is not the luxury of a medical doctor who observes only man . How long have you been there ? Just a few minutes , sir . What do you think you 're doing ? Observing . That doesn 't include listening at doorways , does it ? Don 't use that tone with me , Cimon . [ chuckles ] I can use any tone I like . I 'm the leader of the expedition . And without me there wouldn 't be an expedition . Remember it was my research that first came upon the lost colony of Troas . My investigating thousands and thousands of old books , old documents and rolls of microfilm that got the government to initiate this expedition . Besides which , as Dr. Novee is aware , I 've been suffering from acute space sickness , and loud noises unnerve me . [ prolonged high-pitched tone ] [ all laughing ] Gentlemen . One of these days , Novee . You 've got to remember the boy 's a mnemonic . They 're a weird and special lot . [ whirring ] Captain Follenbee ? Come in , Annuncio . It took enough time for you to get here . Did it ? I ... Something wrong ? The stars . They 're so thick . I never imagined clusters like this before . Average distance is over a light-year . They look thick though . If the lights were out , they 'd shine like a trillion . Sit down , Annuncio . Come on , come on . There 's no use in standing . I 've missed you the whole trip . - You feeling better ? - I 'm recovering . Oh , good . Now we can get acquainted . Now the Triple G has been on a good many government chartered cruises , Annuncio . I 've never had any trouble . Now I don 't want any trouble . You understand ? Is this going to be a social visit , Captain ? From your voice on the phone I ... What 's the big idea ? I was counting them . Counting ? You non-compos . No , this isn 't going to be a social visit , Annuncio . There 's a little matter of business we have to talk over . Now one of my assistants tells me that you want to see the ship 's log . I insist on seeing it . Why ? I 've never had a request like that before . Not on any of my voyages . So ? - So where 's your authority ? - I 'm in Mnemonic Service . That 's authority enough . Never heard of it . It is my prerogative to look at anything I like and ask any question I want to . Well , you can 't look at the ship 's log . You 've no right to stop me . Who ... What are you anyway ? Some sort of security agent ? Or just a walking , talking send-up of one ? Why is this ship called the Triple G ? Because that 's its name . Really ? There 's no such ship under Earth Registry . I checked it out before we took off . The official name is George G. Grundy . But the Triple G is what everyone calls it . Let me look at the log . And after that I wish to speak with the crew . Oh , the crew , too , huh ? You heard me . Look , first , I think I 'd better speak to your guardian and then I think I 'd better keep you in quarters until we land . [ beeping ] Sheffield here . [ Captain over intercom ] It 's the Captain here , Doctor . I wonder if you could get over here as quickly as possible . I 've got your protégé with me . I am not his protégé ! Your ward , Doctor . Without my permission ? I told you nobody is to see him without my okay . What are you doing to him ? What am I doing to him ? Now , look , I 'm Captain here , Sheffield . No , you look ! And listen , you keep your hands off that boy . Is that understood ? Is that very clear ? Hey , I thought psychologists were supposed to control their emotions , eh ? Now you see that he stays put until I get there . Of all the insufferable , damnable ... Did you hear ? Oh , could I help it ? You just disturbed an erotic fantasy I was having . I 'm very sorry . How dare he tamper with an instrument of mine ? How dare he ? That 's what you get for making an instrument of a human being . - Sheffield , now look- - - One minute , Captain . How are you , Mark ? All I asked was if I could see the log . He made me come here . I 'm sure he won 't mind you 're going back to your room now . Oh , won 't I ? I 'm responsible for him , sir . You may go , Mark . Now what is this ? Isn 't that my question ? I 'm Captain here . You keep reminding me . Well , do you know what that means ? It means I 'm absolute ruler on this ship . And no spy- - Captain , let me explain . Mark Annuncio is not a spy . He happens to be in the Mnemonic Service . Sure , sure , so he said . To me , it 's just secret police in fancy dress . ln the Mnemonic Service . Mnemonic coming from the Greek word meaning memory . I 'm sorry , I should have filled you in a little more fully on this . Well , fill me in , man , fill me in . But your time is limited . All right , Captain . I won 't take long . Tell me how many inhabited worlds you think there are in the Confederation ? Eighty three thousand . Eighty three thousand two hundred . - Okay , two hundred . - What do you think it takes to run an organisation that size ? Computers . Now let 's not play nursery school . Computers , precisely , but somehow data gets lost . Every world knows something no other world does . And so does every other man . But none of us knows which of our data is useful to the other . Still , two isolated facts can go together beautifully sometimes . - That 's what computers are for . - But computers are limited . They have to be asked questions . Sometimes it never occurs to people to ask them the right questions . Therefore , mankind needs a computer that is non-mechanical , that has some imagination . There is such a computer , Captain , in each and every one of us . I 'll stick to the kind you punch with a button , thank you . [ chuckles lightly ] Captain , don 't you ever have a hunch ? Look , is this to the point ? Somewhere inside the human brain is a record of every fact that 's ever been impinged upon it . Very little is consciously remembered , but it 's all there . And a slight association can bring it back to us without us knowing where it came from or why . Now that is called a hunch or feeling . Now some people are better at it than others , others are almost perfect , like Mark Annuncio . So we train them to read , and look and listen and do it better , and more efficiently . It doesn 't really matter what data they collect . Any datum may be useful . And every once in a while , an mnemonic makes a correlation no machine could possibly manage . Wait a minute . He said there was no ship called the Triple G under Earth Registry . You mean that he knows every registered ship by heart ? Probably . And he was counting stars . It 's data . Well , I 'll be a monkey 's uncle . You see , Captain , actually , Mark is different from us . He 's had an odd , distorted upbringing , so he has a distorted view of life . It 's cause and effect . You see , mnemonics are taken into the service about the age of five . ln a sense they 're force-grown . We allow them no contact with normal people , in case they develop normal mental habits . They 're highly-strung , easily upset and easily ruined . I 'm here to see that does not happen . You see , Captain , Mark is an instrument . The most valuable instrument there is on this ship . There are only a hundred like him in the entire galaxy . All right with the ship 's log . But it 's strictly confidential . Strictly . And no talking to the crew . You know what I mean ? The crew aren 't to be told about the first expedition . I shall make sure they don 't hear about it from Mark . - Sheffield ? - Hmm ? What 's a non-compos ? [ laughing ] Did he call you that ? It 's short for non-compos mentis . Everyone in the Mnemonic Service uses it to refer to everyone else . But what does it mean ? It 's Latin for " not of sound mind " . Oh . [ Cimon ] We 've just bit into the planet 's air covering , which accounts for the sudden increase in deceleration which you 're feeling . The continent which we 're now approaching and will land on is mountainous on either seacoast with a long , flat plain in between . What is not in darkness lies within the red-orange light of Lagrange II or the second sun . At the moment , only the eastern seacoast lies within the blue-green light of the first sun , or Lagrange I. Apart from these two suns , our knowledge of the planet is limited . You will notice , that as the ice-caps vanish on either side of our picture , there 's an equal alternation between land and water . Nothing to whet anyone 's interest in the log . You better be getting back to your cabins . We 'll be landing shortly . Why is the captain making sure that I won 't tell the crew that we 're visiting a world on which the first expedition died ? Well , some spacemen , Mark , consider it bad luck to land on such a world , even more so if it appears to look harmless . " Sucker Bait " , they call it . I can think of 17 habitable planets from which the first expedition never returned . Yet each one was later colonised . So why should the crew be afraid ? That 's why I wanted to look at the log . But it never mentions the purpose of this expedition . Now that wouldn 't be unless the purpose was secret , isn 't that so ? No , not necessarily . The name of the ship is the George G. Grundy . You seem disappointed . No . Relieved , actually . I thought everybody might be lying to me , and not just the captain . I thought even you lied to me , Dr. Sheffield . Mark , you mustn 't be so suspicious . I know it is the occupational hazard of the mnemonic , but you really must watch it . I might be accused of being paranoid . Could be . I sometimes believe ... paranoia is just another word for perception . You know , Mark , suspicions aren 't always logical . Usually a planet that 's become notorious has evil expected of it . Now you better sit down 'cause we 're going to land soon . What makes it so much worse is that Troas is so different . No , it isn 't . But the other expeditions that failed on the other planets were different . - How do you mean ? - In 16 of the cases , the cause of death was shipwreck and in the remaining case , failure resulted from a surprise attack of indigenous life forms . Not intelligent , of course . What 's the use ? They 're not in the same class as the first Troas expedition . That consisted of an actual settlement , of 789 men , 207 women , and 15 children under the age of 13 . And they managed to survive for three years with cause of death unknown , except from their own fragmentary report it might have been from disease . That part is different . But Troas itself has nothing unusual about it , except of course ... Yes , Mark . It has two suns , as we all know . You seem disappointed , Doctor . Do you expect me to say something else ? No . [ faint electronic whirring ] I judge we 're at sea level , with an atmospheric pressure of 800 millimetres of mercury . That 's roughly five percent higher than it is on Earth . And 200 millimetres of it is oxygen . It 's not bad . Then there 's nitrogen , of course . The way nature repeats itself like a three-year-old who only knows a few lessons . It takes half the fun away when you realise that a water world always has an oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere . Is there anything else in the atmosphere ? Anything else ? So far all we have is oxygen , nitrogen and homely philosophy from dear Uncle Boris . Under one percent and over one hundredth of percent of hydrogen , helium and carbon dioxide in that order . Infinitesimal amounts of methane , argon , radon , neon , krypton and xenon , again in that order . The figures aren 't very informative . Dear Uncle Boris is dreadfully sorry . What is the carbon dioxide content exactly ? Exactly ? 0.016 mm . That 's about half of what it is on Earth . Anything else ? Water vapour and dust . And a few million air-borne spores of virulent diseases per centimetre as well . But that 's hardly my province , so I suggest , Dr. Rodriguez , you start growing your lovely cultures right away . - [ whispering ] Hear anything ? - No , nothing . What the devil are they keeping from us ? It 's something , I 'll bet on it . For what good it does . Ah . What growths I get look harmless . Look harmless ? That 's what I said . You need bacteria to look harmful to be harmful ? Surely there are toxins and metabolic processes that can 't be analysed by the eye . Mark . You get a feeling for these things . When you 've seen as much of the microcosm as I have , you 'll learn to sense danger or the lack of it . Perhaps our dear Fawkes will find danger when he sets out on his surveying journey . [ Fawkes over intercom ] No intelligent life , whatever . No highways , cities , no sign of anything manmade . No machine civilization , that 's all . Even Neanderthal man built shelters and used fires . The two main rivers join about 100 kilometres south of the equator , and make it to the ocean in just short of 80 kilometres . Where it joins the ocean is the natural spot for a metropolis . So , even if we didn 't have a record of the latitude and longitude , we 'd know that 's where the lost colony must have set up shop . There isn 't much left , is there ? [ Fawkes ] What do you expect ? It 's been over 100 years . I did land but I didn 't stay long . I think those are burial mounds . Any actual remains ? - Bones ? - No . The last survivors didn 't bury themselves , did they ? Animals got to them , I suppose . It was raining when I landed and it was dark , very dark , and very gloomy . The picture doesn 't do it justice . I felt almost as though there were a thousand ghosts there . Lurking waiting . Ghosts ? [ shallow chuckling ] It 's just a way of talking , Mark . Don 't let your imagination run away with you . [ panting ] It 's the air outside . Yeah , I think so , too . That 's why they 're keeping us trapped in here . Shut up , will you ? You 're breaking my concentration . Who are you telling to shut up ? I 'm telling you , sport . Now , move on . Okay ? [ commotion from crowd ] That 's my boy . Come on . [ grunting , struggling ] [ crowd goading ] Cimon , my men are unsettled to say the least . Now we 've been here for two weeks and still no one 's allowed off the ship . Anything wrong with the air ? Not as far as we know . Why not breathe it then ? Look , a frightened and mutinous crew is the last thing I want . It 's the last thing any of us want . Didn 't you tell them that this was a new planet ? Yes , but- - Well , then can 't they understand we 're just being cautious ? They 're convinced you 're hiding something . Well , you can 't blame them for thinking that , can you ? No , I suppose not . Give me until tomorrow . Okay , till tomorrow . The settlement died of disease . - I 'll swear to it . - It 's impossible . You laymen are all the same , Earth or any other planet . You think that any bacterium or virus , developing independently on a planet , is bound to find man as succulent as a lollipop . No , it 's sheer childishness . Man brings his own germs wherever he goes . Who 's to say that maybe the virus of the common cold didn 't mutate under some planetary influence into something that was suddenly deadly ? Things like that have even happened on Earth . The 27 55 para-measles epidemic- - Yes , yes , yes , and the 1918 influenza epidemic and way back to the black plague . But when has it happened recently ? Granted it was over a century ago , but , still , they had doctors , antibiotics . The symptoms were those of a respiratory infection , dyspnoea . - We know that . - But I tell you , it couldn 't have been infection . It 's just ... Mathematically it couldn 't have been . Mathematically ? It 's you again . - Yes , sir , it 's me . - How can mathematics- - I have given my professional opinion . A professional opinion isn 't necessarily synonymous - with an accurate explanation . - Please , Mark ! I 'm not accustomed to having the accuracy of my statements questioned by ... Sheffield , will you take him away and tuck him up in bed and hereafter , keep him out of my sight ? Come along , Mark , let 's go . You stupid non-compos . You 're not an expert on anything . You 've forgotten everything you ever learned , and you never learned very much in the first place . You better get him out of here , Sheffield , or in two moments , there 'll be a murder committed . - Come on , Mark , let 's go . - That 's right , side with them ! - Block out the truth ! - I said , let 's go ! Hey , look , I 've got to know . I want to stay . Cimon , you 've got to keep that kid out of my hair . All right , all right , simmer down , everybody ! I don 't suppose there 's anyone else who questions Dr. Rodriguez 's viewpoint . There better not be . Well , then , since there 's nothing to fear as far as infection is concerned , I 'm telling Captain Follenbee that the crew may take surface leave . Also , I see no reason why we shouldn 't pass on to the second stage of our investigation . - Thank goodness for that . - Well ... Now what I suggest is this , five of us trek out to the settlement site . Fawkes , because he can handle the coaster , Novee and Rodriguez to handle the biological data , Vernadsky and myself to handle the chemistry and physics . I see no reason why we shouldn 't be able to ascertain what killed off the first settlers in a very short time . The settlement lived there for several years before dying out . It could be a long time before we 're sure we 're safe . But we 're not a settlement . We 're a group of specialists looking for trouble . We 'll find it if it 's there to find and when we do , we beat it . And it isn 't going to take two years either . It had better not . I don 't think I 'll ever trust you again . They may take you later on , Mark . No . You hate me . All of you do . Don 't think I don 't know it . And none of you has any right to hold me back . It could be dangerous . I don 't care . I 've got to find out about this planet . I 've got to . Dr. Sheffield , you go to Cimon and tell him I 'm coming along whether he likes it or not . I can 't do that , Mark . All right . If you won 't , I will . And he 'll have to commit murder to stop me from going . You 're getting excited . That 's right , I am . And stop coddling me . And don 't try patronising me as if I were a two-year-old child who didn 't know any better . If you have any sense of ethics left , remember I found this planet . I did . It 's my planet . Mine . Mine . You 're magnifying this out of all proportion , you know . Oh . Am I now ? Mark , it is true you did discover there was an early colony on Troas , but you didn 't discover the planet itself . My findings encouraged the government to initiate this mission . My findings disclosed that perhaps Troas is habitable . Therefore , Dr. Sheffield , it 's as good as if I 'd found the planet . If we 're going to be precise , let us be precise . All right , Mark . I 'll get you out to the settlement site . I 'll get us both out there . Stay there and wait . Of course , I 'll wait . I 'm patient , aren 't I ? One would think I wasn 't . [ knock on door ] Come in . Oh , Sheffield . I have a quarrel with you about the men going to the expedition site . Have you ? You have no one to take care of the mental sciences . The what ? [ chuckles lightly ] I 'll be honest with you , Sheffield . If the authorities had consulted me first , I never would have agreed you 're coming on this expedition at all . I just don 't see the function of a mental science in a mission like this . And I 'm certainly not going to have our findings jeopardised by any more scenes like the ones we had with Rodriguez . I 'm sorry , but the answer is no . And suppose I told you that the end of the first settlement could possibly be explained , on a simple , psychological basis . It wouldn 't impress me . Psychologists can usually explain everything and can never prove anything . Well , let me go into a little more detail . As you know , Troas differs from every other inhabited world in one major aspect . It has two suns , two coloured suns . Now you take a human being , say you or I , now if we were to stand in the full glare of both the suns , we 'd cast two shadows . One blue-green , the other orange-red . The length of the shadows would vary according to the time of day . Oh , by the way , have you taken the trouble to verify the colour distribution of those shadows ? The ... what do you call them , reflection spectra ? Well , of course , we have . It 's about the same as the radiation spectra . Aha . Now the planet 's moons , I 've been watching that the last few nights . Have you noticed its colours change position ? Of course they do . It passes through phases like any other moon . And have you checked its spectrum ? We may have . Not that the results would be of any importance . Well , I may be able to surprise you . It 's a well established psychological fact that the colours red and green have a deleterious effect on mental stability . Now here on Troas , we have a situation where the chromopsychic picture , and it 's purely to use the technical term , is inescapable . And it is possible that chromopsychosis could reach a fatal level by inducing hypertrophy of the Trinitarian follicles and consequent cerebric catatonia . I 've never heard of that . Oh , you 're questioning my professional opinion ? No , no , of course not . Only it 's clear from the last reports we had from the expedition that the settlers died from something that sounded like a respiratory disease . Ah , but Rodriguez denied that and you accepted his opinion . I didn 't say it was a respiratory disease . I said it sounded like one . All right , well , if you will accept the fact that the recorded effects were physical , it could have had a mental cause . Yes , I suppose so . Oh , there you are . Makes my theory even more convincing , because chromopsychosis has been known to exhibit itself before , as a psychogenic respiratory infection . You are aware of psychogenics ? No , it 's out of my field , I 'm afraid . Yes , of course . Well , by my calculations , on the heightened oxygen tension , psychogenic respiratory infections , are both inevitable and severe . Have you been observing the moon the last few nights ? Yes . Oh , dear . It 's possible you might be infected already . The moon 's colours have been very virulent the last few nights . It 's nothing painful , believe me . It 's just a slight inflammation of the mucus membrane , a little scratchiness in the throat . You finding it hard to swallow ? Why , no , not the least bit . Rodriguez complained of his hearing the other night . Are you sure your hearing hasn 't altered slightly ? What ? You 've no right to keep quiet about this , Sheffield . It 's not incurable , is it ? Why didn 't you tell us about this before ? Because there 's not a word of truth in anything I 've said . There 's no harm in colours . Relax , Cimon . You 're beginning to look foolish . You used your professional status to make a fool of me . I was merely trying to make a point . Oh , you did that all right . You want me to take the boy with us . No . Definitely no . Why not ? Out of spite ? Because he 's out of his head . Because he can 't be trusted with normal people . By your standards . After that scene with Rodriguez , by anyone 's . Mark had every right to ask that question . It was his job . It was his duty . Rodriguez , on the other hand , had no right to be so boorish . I admit I should have stood up for Mark then and there . I 'll consider Rodriguez first , if you don 't mind . Why ? Mark knows more than he does . He knows more than you and I if it comes to that . The bureau issued specific instructions- - I know exactly what the bureau ordered . They didn 't consult me first , but never mind . I shall co-operate with him just that far . He will receive all official data here , on the ship . No ! There on the spot . Mark may see things our precious specialists may not . The answer , Sheffield , is no . Now , please leave . Well ... I 'm afraid if you won 't change your mind , the rest of the boys may have to hear about this . [ Sheffield on voice recorder ] Are you sure your hearing hasn 't altered slightly ? [ Cimon on voice recorder ] What ? You 've no right to keep quiet about this , Sheffield . It 's not incurable , is it ? Why didn 't you tell me about this before ? [ Sheffield ] Because there 's not a word of truth in anything I 've said . There 's no harm in colours . I 'm prepared to make a deal with you if you 're interested . Will you give me that tape ? Yes , when Mark and I are on the settlement site . All right ... You and the boy can come with us . Thank you . But when we get back to Earth , Sheffield , I 'll see to it that you 're de-professionalised . Another memento . Pretty ? Turns my stomach . See that abnormality in the structure ? What do you think it means ? Oh , it could be any number of things . Silence , yeah . Silent . But here underground . Underground , that 's it . Dead quiet . But I can see you , all around , trying to creep up on us . I can see you . I can see you there . And there . You can 't hide now . Fawkes , what is it ? What 's wrong ? It 's me , man , Novee . Novee . They 're all around us . Intelligent beings out there now . Oh , come on now . I 'm telling you . I saw one , in the tent , I saw one and out here . Oh , come on . You 've had a nightmare . A nightmare ? I 'm not so sure . I thought it might be my imagination . Maybe it 's real . If you 're looking for ghosts again , forget it . No , this has nothing to do with ghosts . At least , not ghosts in the usual sense . Novee , can we be sure those first settlers buried themselves ? Certainly the very last ones didn 't . You yourself said animals probably got at them . But I didn 't specify what kind of animal , did I ? What are you driving at ? Novee , I know it sounds crazy , but I 'm sure now there is intelligent life on this planet after all . The way Sheffield inferred . Look , we 've been here for two weeks . Surely we would all have seen evidence of ... An elusive race ? Oh , come on . Your nerves are getting- - You don 't believe there could be a race of beings living underground ? Haunting that first settlement with a deadly perseverance ? Fawkes , I think you should go inside and lie down . Until tonight , I thought it might be my imagination . I pictured a sort of silent bacteriological warfare . - Now , Fawkes- - - No , listen . But , now , I 'm sure there are people working away beneath the tree roots , culturing moulds and spores , developing a special spore that could feed on human beings and then ... And then ? Your imagination give out ? [ whispering ] Novee , look ! Behind that rock . It 's something alive ! You see , it 's not my imagination . It 's not . Hey , don 't shoot . Don 't shoot . It 's ... It 's only me . What are you doing here ? Watching . Watching ? Watching what ? I woke up and came out . Why were you watching ? I was just watching you . Why didn 't you open your mouth and let us know you were there ? If I had , you wouldn 't have let me stay . You say anything about this to the others and I 'll- - About what ? You were seeing things , that 's all . Just keep quiet about it or you 'll find- - A murder will be committed . I know . I 've even remembered to watch the calories . Hope we don 't have that lean and wan look when we get back . Everyone will think we 've used official funds for a bit of skylarking . Clown . Bad temper at meal times ? Mother doesn 't approve . Here we are . Oh , come on . Eat your dinner , gentlemen . I 've tasted it . It 's good . It 's tough , whatever it is . - But beautifully cooked . - Bet it kills us . The hamsters have been living on it for two weeks now . Mm-hmm . And the rats have never had such vim and vigour . What about those rats that died last week ? They were vigorous ones , too . But they died from herbs which contained lead , copper and mercury . No , I assure you , gentlemen , Uncle Boris ' stew lacks any ingredient high in heavy metal content , you 'd know by the taste if it did . Anyway , it wasn 't heavy metal poisoning that killed the settlers . The symptoms aren 't right for it . Look , suppose this stuff contains some kind of alkaloid that could paralyze the nerves controlling the lung muscles . Hamsters have lung muscles . Maybe it 's a cumulative thing . All right . Anytime your breathing gets difficult , you go back to ship rations and see if you 'll improve . I will not have my culinary arts criticised anymore . Anything the matter ? No . No , I was just recalling something . An old monograph I once read , very old one . I don 't know why it should come to mind just now but it does . [ clicking ] [ whirring , feedback ] [ whirring , feedback ] You want something ? Just watching . Well , if you must , you must , I suppose . But , look , stand back there , eh ? Not over my shoulder . - Sorry . - It 's all right . Is that a nuclear metre you 're working with ? That 's right . Has a force field generator at the top , so it can penetrate any rock . Here . [ loud whirring ] You see ? Along the sides of the uniped are microscopic atomic furnaces , each of which vaporises about a million molecules in the surrounding rocks , and decomposes them into atoms . The atoms are then differentiated and you read the results of the dials above . Do you follow ? No , but it 's good to store away facts for future reference . We end up with figures on the different elements in the crust . Now , it 's interesting . You see , Troas has a more even distribution of elements than we usually meet . They 're heavy metals . They are ten to 100 times as concentrated as they are on Earth . And the lighter elements , they are also better distributed as well . Take for instance what we call the rare lights , that 's lithium , beryllium and boron . Now they 're lighter than carbon . They are very rare on Earth . But Troas , however , is enormously rich in them . The three together total , well , four tenths of one percent of the crust , as compared to Earth 's four-thousandths of one percent . I see . You know something , young man ? It 's good to find somebody who actually listens to me . Is it ? Well , I suppose a man gets lonely and frustrated when there 's no one in his own line to talk to- - Do you have you the exact figures on those elements ? Yes . May I see it ? I suppose so . Here . - Have you finished ? - Yes , I 've got it all . Don 't publish the results before I do , eh ? Publish ? I was joking . Joking ? You 're all the same . You 're trying to make fun of me . I thought you were different . You 're just like the others . There 's only one thing to do . Where are you rushing to ? To the air coaster . I haven 't had a chance to see it yet . Of course you have , on several occasions . Everyone was always around . I want to see it once for myself . Come to think of it , I 'd like to see it too . You don 't mind if I come along , do you ? If you insist . What 's that ? A piece of rock . What does it look like ? Just in case if anyone should try and stop me . Throw it away , Mark . You can hurt someone with that . No . No , I 'm not throwing it away . [ chuckles ] I can see a botanist like Fawkes being able to run one of these contraptions . I can run one . You ? Why not ? I 've watched Fawkes run it , and I 've read enough manuals about how to operate one . [ high-pitched whirring ] Well , that 's nice . We have a spare navigator in case of emergency . [ thud ] I 'm sorry , Dr. Sheffield , but this is an emergency . [ Mark ] People died out there . Only we haven 't . We spent weeks at that settlement . We found nothing . Those precious scientists who 've been misleading you ever since we left Earth , haven 't found anything to explain what happened . So the deaths must have been caused by something they don 't know anything about . We 're in danger ? Something that could be killing all of us , right now . Come on , let 's go for the captain . [ hissing ] [ hissing fades to monotonous high-pitched tone ] All right , we 're on our way . Well , where is the boy ? He 's being held in his cabin as you instructed . We 'd better get him in here . How about Sheffield ? Novee is with him . He hasn 't come around yet . [ groans , struggles ] Easy now . You 've had a bad concussion , nearly a fracture . - Where are we ? - In space . Where 's Mark ? - Take it easy . - Where is he ? I 'm placing you under arrest , Annuncio . When that nursemaid of yours comes around , I 'm going to try you both for mutiny . Dr. Sheffield had nothing to do with it . But he was responsible for you . If he 'd done his job properly , we wouldn 't be in this mess now . You 've ruined weeks of research and nearly killed five men . If the Captain hadn 't brow-beaten the crew into picking us up , we 'd still be at the settlement site marooned . I didn 't intend that . But then why ? What got into you ? Well , speak up , boy . Mark , you 've got to tell us . - Come on , why ? - If you don 't , we 'll make you . Well ? Because you wouldn 't have listened to me . None of you . You 're all too smug and jealous . Jealous of me , because I know more than you 'll ever begin to know . [ Rodriguez ] Now , look here you- - You 're like everybody with only a bit of knowledge . Proud and afraid . Afraid of not knowing . Like all non-compos , the lot of you . Non-compos . Non-compos . All right , all right , let the boy- - I 've had about as much as I can- - - Stop it ! - Let him go ! You keep out of this , Sheffield . If hadn 't been for you , this never would have happened . Not now , Dr. Cimon . You and the boy are both under arrest and you 'll be confined to your quarters until we can set your trial up . - What for ? - For mutiny , Doctor . Dr. Sheffield had nothing to do with it . I told you . You will try us ? Yes , strictly according to Galactic law . What 's the sentence if we are found guilty ? There 's not much doubt about that . If you 're found guilty , you 'll both be sentenced to death . May I talk to him ? Okay , go ahead . How did you force the captain to leave Troas , Mark ? By telling the crew about the first expedition . You knew what would happen if you did . Yes . At least , I saw it as a possibility . Why did you do it ? Well , it seemed to be the lesser of the two evils . It was important that we get away from Troas without losing a minute . Telling the crew about the first expedition seemed the fastest way of getting us off the planet . Why was it so important to get us off ? Because it was only a matter of time before we died . I wanted to tell you , Dr. Sheffield , but ... Well , you vacillate . One minute you seem to be on my side , the next , you 're on the safer side . I couldn 't risk trusting you . And I certainly couldn 't trust the others any more than they 've ever trusted me . So you thought you had to take some action of your own ? Yes , sir . All right , Mark , tell me . What do you think did kill the first settlers ? The dust . The dust in the air ! It 's got beryllium in it . Ask Dr. Vernadsky . What 's that ? Sure . It was part of the information you gave me . Beryllium was very high in the crust , so it must be in the dust in the air as well . So what if beryllium is there ? Supraberylliosis , that 's what . An extreme case of beryllium poisoning . If you breathe beryllium dust , non-healing granulomata form in the lungs . And what 's in the blood can cause skin and bone deformation . Anyway , it gets difficult to breathe and eventually you die . You don 't know what you 're talking about . You 're not a physician . I read about it , in an old book about poisons . The one I told you about . It was so old it was printed on actual sheets of paper . The library had some and I went through them because it was such a novelty . All right . What did you read ? Can you tell me ? Yes . Word for word . " Beryllium serves to derange a number of enzyme-catalysed reactions . Since the lungs have no way of excreting beryllium , diverse metabolic derangements , causing serious illness and death , can result from inhaling beryllium dust , containing certain beryllium salts . The onset of symptoms is insidious , sometimes being immediate , but sometimes being delayed for as long as three years after exposure . Prognosis is not good . " Novee , what is all this ? Is what he 's saying making any sense ? It seems as if it might be . I don 't know though . I 've never read up on it . No case ever required me to do so . Isn 't beryllium used for anything ? Not that I can think of . Wait a minute ... I think it was used in the early days of atomic power , and primitive uranium piles as a neutron decelerator . I 'm almost sure of that . It isn 't used now , though ? As far as I know . I also think beryllium-zinc coatings were used in the first fluorescent lights . Not anymore . No , not anymore . All right , now listen , all of you . I can vouch for Mark 's ability to recall . It 's my opinion beryllium is poisonous . Only in concentrated forms . Well , on Earth , there 's no danger because the content of the soil is low . When man concentrates beryllium to use in nuclear piles of fluorescent lights , he comes across its toxicity and looks for substitutes . So he finds them and forgets about beryllium . So when we come across a beryllium-rich planet like Troas , we just can 't work out what hit us . Until someone like Mark Annuncio comes along and does the one thing that we can 't do . He remembers . Novee what does he mean when he says , " Prognosis is not good " ? It means that if you 've got supraberylliosis , you won 't recover . I suppose the symptoms are dyspnoea and- - Yes , sometimes neural disorders leading to hallucinatory visions . Skin disfiguration ? Appearing first on the hand , or at the lower part of the neck . I think that when we get back to Earth , we should get under medical investigation as soon as possible , all of us . Do we have a chance ? Well , if we 're not going to recover ? What use is it ? Medical science has advanced since the days of the early settlers . Anyway , we may not have received the toxic dose . The settlement survived for over a year of continuous exposure . Fortunately , we 've only had a month . I guess that 's that . [ rumbling ] What are you thinking about ? That I might die . I 've never been conscious of my own death before . Now I am . And I 'm thinking , if I do die , there are so many things ... So many things in the universe that I 'll never learn never know .
