 [ theme music plays ] [ man over PA ] New York Tau Terminal . You are now in the New York terminal of Tau Inter-Atomic Transport . Passengers for London on the scheduled phase , should proceed at once to the reception desk , for final inspection of documents . Your ship is the Elektron , your captain , Nathan Dantor , your hostess , Miss Bridie Palmer . Passengers for other phases , or those in search of bookings or information , are invited to use the Tau Terminal Lounge , situated on the top floor of this building , and reached by the Gamma-mode elevator at the rear of this hall . Once disembarked in London , will you be doing any further travel by conventional means ? Presumably , Miss Palmer . Well , that all seems to be in order , madam . Thank you . If you 'd care to go through to the ship . I 'll be through in a few moments to see if you 're comfortable . - Number ? - 2251403 . - Name ? - Alfred Wilmington Ferris . - Born ? - London . - Year ? - Ten . Vaccinated , no convictions . Cleared by Tau release . Well , you seem to have it all by heart ... If I 'm subjected to one more inspection this evening , I won 't have a secret left . Is quite so much checking necessary simply in order to get me back to England ? The insistence is a bore , I know , Mr. Ferris . But Tau Transport has found in the past ... Yes ... Was there something else ? No , not really . I 'm anxious to get back to England too ... [ man over PA ] Clearance , please . Definitive grid clearance . Tau Transport passenger liner , Elektron , destination London , will be entering phase , in exactly sixty seconds from now . Commencing countdown . Sixty , 59 , 58 , 57 ... That means the countdown 's started , sir . Eh ? Countdown , Captain Dantor . Down with the drink , boy . Never mind the count . It is simply that in order to enter atomic space , which is the Tau method of travel , your body needs an energy shield . Afterwards , you have the run of the ship , and the screen will only materialise again when it 's time to out phase to return to normality . Will you please all take your seats ? Oh ! Pardon me , thou bleeding piece of earth . I say , wasn 't that the Captain ? Dantor , whatever he 's called . Captain Dantor , yes . Now will you please take your seat , the screen materialises in five seconds . [ man over PA ] Four ... three ... two ... one ... Zero . Generators on . ln phase . [ power starting ] Hello , New York . Tau Terminal London , Central Control . Just to let you know we are now tracking the scheduled phase . Elektron is registering on our screens . The mode is Gamma . Over . Thank you , London . Over and out . Yes , Mary ? What was it ? What was what , Paul ? You left a message for me with Vera . Oh , sorry . Yes , it was something personal . Personal ? A man called asking could he see you . At two o 'clock in the morning ? Well , he said he was a friend ... so I asked him to wait in reception until you were available . Name of ... Oh , yes , Benedict . - Eric Benedict . - Benedict ! Paul Porter ? Why have you come , Eric ? I 've got 12 hours to kill in London before I go on to Rome for the International MediCon . I thought I could spend the time worse than in your company . What , here ? When I 'm on duty ? Senior Controller , Tau Transport , UK . Well , you 've certainly got on in the world , Paul even since last we met . But I always said that of you to Julie , you know , that you 'd be a success . You can 't have come here to talk about Julie , surely . Why not ? You blame me that she left you , isn 't that true ? She went to you in trouble , an old friend and a psychologist . You as good as advised her to break up her marriage . Yes , but Paul , she was afraid . Afraid ? Of course there are other things we could talk about if you 'd prefer , the principles of Tau physics , say- - Oh , for God 's sake , Eric ! No , seriously , I 've never properly understood them . Yet they tell me in just a few years now , Tau will have made all other forms of transport obsolete . They also tell me there are still unresolved problems to interest the psychologist . - In Tau ? - Aren 't there ? After all , it 's something pretty new . Men have travelled over the surface of the Earth , above and under it for thousands of years now , but this is the first time in human history that man has actually gone through his world . Let us suppose a Tau ship and its passengers , is disintegrated in New York . That ship then could pass through water , sand and rock , and come out in London . At first it will be invisible . It will co-exist with the other atoms about it . ln order to materialise , a mode of re-assembly must be adapted . For identification purposes , it has been named : Gamma , Delta Epsilon . I don 't understand . Brett , when did this start ? A few moments ago , Miss Bone . It 's very odd . I 've never known the Elektron to travel through Tau-space in anything but a straight forward Gamma Mode . - What 's her ETA ? - 02 : 45 . Fifteen minutes time . Shall I try calling her ? Yes , you 'd better . This is most unusual . It must be , of course appreciated , that none of these modes is absolutely stable . 'Mode slip ' must be accepted as a permanent hazard of our form of travel . [ Miss Bone ] Delta ... She 's slipped back a mode . We can withdraw her normality in any mode she stabilises in . It 's only a matter of phase-matching on the computers . But with a ship like the Elektron , there shouldn 't be this uncertainty . Is everything keyed-in , Brett ? Yes , Miss Bone . We shall just have to try and catch her the moment she touches the grid . - If she slips again - - Hold on ... destabilizing . Each mode has its own character and its own terrors . A ship as a whole can suffer exposure effects , during a period of mode slip . And although Rorsch generators offer a high standard of stability and safety- - But the ship must ultimately be in Gamma , Delta , Epsilon or Zeta ? There 's no other mode possible ? Why did you want to ask something like that ? Because it 's what I 've heard . The psychological difficulties they told me of in Tau didn 't relate to any of these standard modes . There must be something else . The question you ask is a complex one . Perhaps those who come after me will find substance for the strange notion only lately voiced that ... She 's going into Epsilon . - Haven 't you raised them yet ? - I 'm doing my best ! [ clicking ] Elektron . Calling Elektron . [ Dantor ] Well , come along , Birch , what 's the mode ? I don 't know , Captain Dantor . Won 't seem to stabilize ... . As if I needed any telling , the length of time I 've been in Tau . The great grey-green of the Gamma , eh ... The rose-pink incorruptible of Delta and Epsilon ... We took it all smack in the face when I started out , you know , no normalcy correction in ships then ! We embraced the unknown ! I tell you- - [ siren blares ] Vector coordinating fault , sir , correcting . You mean generators are playing up ? They were checked in New York , man- - I know that , sir . But I 'm inclined to think- - Think ! Harvey , in the old days we knew ! We had to ! - Where 's he gone - - Three guesses ... Is it the generators ? I 'm doing my best to find out . Thank you . I just suddenly felt peculiar ... I can 't imagine why . Will we still be arriving in London on time ? Of course , it 's got nothing to do with that . I 'm glad . You see , I 'm very anxious to get back- - [ clattering ] My apologies , madam . That man is drunk . Mr. Ferris , you 'll really have to stop worrying . [ siren blaring ] What 's that ? [ ominous mechanical groaning ] There . We have now stabilized on a mode . ln less than ten minutes ' time , we 'll be approaching the London grip . No more cause for alarm . Would you all take your seats in the inner cabin now , please ? [ Miss Bone ] Yes , Mrs. Woodgate , not the nicest experience , I know . Captain Dantor , I think it 's only fair to tell you . I mean to report you to your superiors when we arrive in London . Who 's that , then ? - A mouse out of the woodwork ? - I 'm serious ! If you- - No mice in Tau . No damn woodwork , either . Why do you think I drink , eh , mouse ? - Captain Dantor . - To dull the pain ? - To drown my insecurities ? - Get your hands off me ! I drink because out there there 's an undiscovered mystery , and I 've learned just enough of it to be able to flinch at the horrors ! Not like you , cringing and safe behind normalcy screens . Do you want to know what it 's really like outside ? The world beyond reason ? No , sir- - [ screams ] [ Dantor laughing ] Epsilon . And it deteriorates to things worse . Oh , God ... [ struggling to breathe ] There 's danger here too , then . Terrible danger . [ whimpering ] The only reason I travelled by Tau was because ... when I went to America by rocket there was an undershoot we were forced down on the surface , in that blazing heat ... Ten hours before the rescue craft came ! I couldn 't take the chance again ! But if there 's the same risk here- - Look , it 's all right now , Mr. Ferris . No sir- - [ woman screaming ] [ explosion ] Alex , what is it ? What 's happening ? I don 't know , Bridie . Captain Dantor ? Captain Dantor , sir ! [ high-pitched whirring ] Well , try the auxiliary then , anything ! - Harvey ... Harvey , look ! - What is it ? The screen , man . Will you look ? But it isn 't possible ! - How the devil- - - Shut up , Brett ! It 's happening . The Omega mode . Omega , called the ultimate because while its existence , has never been strictly demonstrated , workers of Tau , who claim to have encountered it , all say that- - - Why did you do that ? - Because it 's all nonsense ! No matter what Rorsch held , there are no grounds for believing in this fanciful , horrific Omega mode . Yet it 's what you fear ? Fear ? Paul , I 've given your case more thought and study over the last few months than you know . - Now listen to me ! - Oh , Eric . I saw Julie in New York not more than a week ago . She 's sorry about everything that happened , and wants desperately to come back to you . What ? As a matter of fact , she asked me to look in on you at this time , particularly , to prepare you . She 's travelling back to England on one of your ships . The Elektron . Mr. Porter , could you come at once , please ? [ Miss Bone ] Paul , quickly , Paul ! The Tau Elektron ? She 's arrived ? [ siren calling ] Yes , that 's her siren requesting out-phase . But what do we do about this ? [ siren wails ] Omega ... And you mean to tell me the Elektron is actually out there on the grid at this very moment , even though we can 't see or touch her ? - That 's right , Mr. Benedict . - Astonishing . Tau physics are certainly unlike the conventional kind . Tau psychology must have a character of its own , too . [ man over PA ] Tau Terminal London , calling Elektron . Tau Terminal London , calling Elektron . Do you read me , please ? All right , I 'll try them through Delta-Echo , then . There must be same way of locking with their frequency . - Stability lock , Brett ! - Yes , Miss Bone . Lock off . Scanning once more . What was that ? Something hopeful for a moment . It looked as if the Omega might be slipping up the scale into something we could handle , a Zeta mode , say . There 's no way of withdrawing direct from an Omega mode then ? It 's not supposed to exist , remember ? If we can 't coax the Elektron out of it , we shall have to tell the Captain to remove his ship to a remote point on the globe ... - ... and wait . - Wait for what ? For his generators to stop functioning . The vessel falls back into normal atomic condition . So you get two large aggregates of matter occupying the same space , at the same time . The resulting explosion shouldn 't really remove more than half a continent . Please ! Professor Caradus , you are the greatest living authority on Tau . But a ship in Omega ? Isn 't there any precedent ? Look , we 've even tried to introduce the mode and failed . We decided it was pure legend . You 're keeping the whole thing under a security blanket ? I haven 't informed my superiors here yet . What am I to do ? To withdraw your ship from Omega to normality ? - Yes . - I don 't know . Rorsch himself never dismissed the idea of some kind of terrible nightmare deep in Tau . Perhaps we have to think in terms of dream , rather than fact . Give me a half-hour . Don 't speak to anyone else 'til you 've heard from me . Paul ... Paul , what 's wrong ? It 's this Omega business , just as you thought . You talked about fear ! It 's been with me for years . Yes , Paul , I know . Julie told me about it . I 'd just finished my training when they sent me to France to one of their experimental stations . The Camargue , at that time . I was to bring in this three-man crew , with some student navigators aboard . Yes ? They were nearly home when suddenly , something went wrong . The mode slipped , and I lost contact . Whilst I struggled to get it back , I thought for one wild moment I saw Omega on the screen . Then it was gone , a straight Delta . I phase-matched , withdrew the ship to normality but when I did ... Well ? Eric , they were all dead . It seemed one man had gone out of his mind , killed the other two before doing away with himself . It was all hushed up , of course . But I keep wondering what drove him to do it . Whether it wasn 't something ... Something of the mind , rather than of matter . [ buzzer ] - Yes ? - [ Miss Bone ] We 've made contact - with the Elektron . - Right , there at once . [ Dantor ] Are you out of your heads ? Crazy , every last one of you ? Or perhaps you take me for an idiot ? Captain Dantor ! Listen ! It 's your responsibility , not mine ! You do something ! What 's wrong ? The captain , we 've told him he may have to move his ship and he isn 't taking kindly to it . Dantor , this is Porter , Senior Controller . Everything possible is being done to help your ship . Now I wish to make an urgent enquiry about a passenger- - - Who ... Who 's that then ? - Porter , Senior Controller ! My wife 's aboard your craft ! Tell her- - Well , now , that 's just the exact exulted personage , I should be talking to , isn 't it ? Do you know what it 's like in this phase , Senior Controller ? Omega , do you know ? Please , Dantor ! I 've a Number One with half his head cut away , because of the gravity imbalance , or whatever you care to call the phenomenon . Look out ! Dantor , try and understand what I 'm saying to you . My wife is aboard your ship ! Now please get a message to her from me . Tell her- - [ Dantor screams ] Dantor ... Captain Dantor ? - What 's happened ? - I don 't know , sir , - we seem to have lost them- - - Then get then back ! - Yes , sir . - Quickly ! Elektron , calling Elektron . [ groaning ] Come on , my goodness , you are in a bad way . - I didn 't realise- - - My husband ! We 'll find your husband the minute we normalise . - But you don 't understand ! - Yes , I do . Paul ! We 're doing our best , all of us ! - Take it easy ! - Paul ... More hysterics ? I 'll give her a shot the minute I 'm finished here . No , that won 't be necessary . Let me help . Paul ... What are we going to do , Bridie ? - Have you thought about that ? - Do ? If this goes on for any length of time . You know what it is really , don 't you ? What they call it ? No , but I wondered if it was that . Omega ... the mode that doesn 't exist that drives men mad . Dantor won 't do much to help . So what do we do , you and I ? - [ Mrs Porter ] Paul ! Paul ! - You 're simply to lie still . - Alex . - What 's the matter ? Mrs. Porter and the generators , Brett . The generators ? Yes sir , checked out in New York as okay . Though tech records do say on her last two trips , the Elektron actually came in on a Delta . What ? You mean we should have been notified and weren 't ? Then that 's it ! How often haven 't I pleaded with the powers that be not to persevere with a generator once it shows a tendency to mode-slip ! - Anything else , Brett ? - Her cargo . - Which is ? - The usual concession of passengers , plus five hundred tons of psilomelane gas . What 's psilomelane gas ? Low combustion industrial fuel . Poisonous if inhaled in large quantities . Priority call coming in on Channel 4 . Yes , Professor ? [ professor over intercom ] Anything new your end ? We contacted the Elektron for a while , then we lost touch , It was like a line into the underworld , we haven 't broken the mode . I 've been thinking ... Mode-slip , isn 't a very usual phenomenon , with vessels of the Elektron class , is it ? - It 's the generators . - But it isn 't usual ? Of course it isn 't ! The whole history of Tau , has been a progression towards stability . They say Rorsch 's original craft , the old Lambda I , has a mode-slip on an average of every two minutes or so . How the devil he ever completed his experiments- - I was hoping you 'd mention something of that sort . A less stable craft would stand a greater chance of slipping , into the Omega mode . Agreed ? Statistically , yes ... - Well , where is it , then ? - Where is what ? The Lambda I ! Don 't you have it somewhere there in London ? Yes , it 's in our Terminal Museum , but ... Professor ... you 're not suggesting ? Far be it from me to suggest anything , Porter ! I don 't even know if a transfer between two vessels is possible in Tau , but when an old surface ship was sinking , the practice was to send out lifeboats . Well , he 's crazy ... out of his mind ! I couldn 't do a thing like that , no man could . Not even to save Julie ? [ Bridie ] Hello , hello , Tau Terminal , London ! Tau Terminal , London ! Are you receiving me ? This is the Elektron . Hello , London Terminal ! Can you hear me ? Please ... Harvey ! Leave him , try and get them on the Delta-Echo . [ Harvey coughs ] Hello ? Tau Terminal , London . Tau Terminal , London . This is the Elektron . London Terminal ? London Terminal ? - Well ? - Didn 't you hear anything ? Interference , nothing more . [ Bridie over radio ] We must have your help ! This is the Elektron , calling Tau ... Stabilise on beam . Hello , Elektron ? Hello , receiving you . Over . What is your message ? We can 't maintain the situation very much longer ! This is Bridie Palmer , hostess aboard Elektron . Many of our passengers are injured due to anti-gravity effect . All are terrified ! Calling Tau Terminal , London . Can you hear me ? Please answer . We 're getting them , they don 't seem to be getting us . [ Bridie over radio ] Tau Terminal , London . Tau Terminal , London . Captain Dantor is ... [ Dantor screams , groans ] ... no longer capable of being in command ! One passenger , Alfred Ferris , attempted suicide , and in need of medical attention ! Also a woman passenger is expecting a child ! A Mrs. Julie Porter . We didn 't know she was pregnant when the phase began . Porter here . - Did you say my wife- - - It 's no good , sir ! They can 't hear us . Please advise ! This is Bridie Palmer , hostess aboard- - - Damn ! Get after them ! - Right . Elektron , calling Elektron . Benedict , why didn 't- - Yes , Paul , I knew , But she , naturally , wanted to tell you about it herself . [ Brett over PA ] Clearance , please . Definitive grid clearance . Standing by for phase entry . Rescue craft Lambda I now in position . Grid clearance , please . Right you are , Miss Bone , countdown whenever you say . Give me the ship , Brett . Hello , hello , Paul ? This is Mary . Everything is all ready here , what about you ? [ Paul over radio ] As ready as we 'll ever be , Mary . I never realised just how primitive Lambda I really is . No tele-screens , only elementary couplers , and closed-circuit radio . When we enter phase , you 'll have lost contact with us . [ Miss Bone over radio ] Paul , wouldn 't it be better to wait until we can adapt Lambda I more adequately ? Even if we could mock up some sort of normalcy screens ? No , Mary . Rorsch took his chance on Tau exposure , and so must I. At least I 'm not alone . Good luck then , Paul ... good luck . Grid clearance , final call . Rescue ship , Lambda I , about to enter phase . Stand by . Phase entry in ten seconds from now ... Ten , nine , eight seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . Zero . Generators on . ln phase . [ generators starting up ] [ whirring ] [ Eric ] Paul ... Paul ? You all right ? [ Paul ] Yes , Eric ... yes , I think so . We 're in phase . Is this how it should be ? Black like this ? I don 't know . Wait , I 'll try and adjust . Gamma ! So this is what they mean by it , the great grey-green . The twilight desert . Don 't you always experience this ? No. ln today 's ships all effects are blanked out . Perhaps we shouldn 't take anything at face value . That , for instance . Is it worthy of our attention , or simply a trick of the light ? - Eric , he needs our help- - - No , Paul ! - He does ! I 've got to- - - Stop that ! Listen to me ! One move outside that hatch , and you 're lost ! What ? Why do you think I wanted to come along on this trip ? Because I needed to know what Tau really was ! And I 'm beginning to understand that the interaction of our atoms and atomic space is complex and deceiving . [ harmonic female voices singing ] What 's that ? What 's happening now ? Julie ! Julie ! [ muted screaming , silence ] [ harmonic singing continues ] Julie ! Julie ! - No , Paul , don 't go out there- - - But it 's Julie- - It 's an hallucination- - - But you see it too ? - Yes ! Then how can it be an hallucination ? Two men cannot share the same vision ! [ rumbling ] [ Paul ] What ... What 's happening now ? Epsilon , Epsilon , Eric ! We 've slipped two modes ! But why ? I just don 't understand about Julie ! It is not enough to say it 's an hallucination , Eric . [ screams ] Eric ! What is it now ? Out there , you wouldn 't believe it . Eric ... And in that day the wicked shall fly vengeance but it shall be visited on them in rivers of fire and sulphurous fumes ! [ all ] Amen ! And darkness shall cover the land , and no man shall see hill or vale . [ all ] Amen . And in that hour , the righteous man shall seek justice ... The justice of heaven ! [ all ] Amen . Get out of my way ! [ Dantor ] And the servants of righteousness ... It 's nothing . I tried to stop Dantor , and he shoved me aside . I hit my head . They 're still listening to him , then ? More and more ! I tell you he 's gone mad , he 'll drive the others mad too if we don 't think of something . But what ? Bridie , we 're not going to get out of this . They should have withdrawn us long before this . - Alex , don 't talk- - - And the next thing is , they 'll all lose control out there , they 'll start slaughtering each other . - Unless we- - - [ Dantor ] Justice ! [ others ] Amen ... . Amen ... . For the last time , who are you ? Where do you come from ? What do you want ? Still nothing to say ? Where 's Benedict , eh ? Is he dead ? Have you come to try and drive me mad ... Is that it ? Well , you won 't succeed , you know . Not so simply . Oh , no ! I can stop you from driving me mad . [ Dantor ] How long shall the wicked triumph ? Has not their day come , their hour sounded ? And are not we the servants of righteousness ? Evil servants , to shrink when duty commands ! Base slaves , to fall away in the hour of trial ! [ Dantor continues ] Go forth ... Go forth in the name of justice . [ hissing ] [ Dantor , muffled ] Rise up , rise up and be strong ! Strike the wicked ! Cut , burn slay the unrighteous ! [ coughs ] I 'll give you one final chance , to answer my questions . Do you hear ? Who are you ? Where 's my friend ? [ man speaks in foreign language ] Whoever you are , you won 't interfere with this craft ! [ thunderous explosion ] Eric ... but what ... l- - Yes ... I think I understand ! Paul ! Paul , what did you see me as just now ? - See you ? - We 've slipped into Delta . It seems one of the characteristics of the Epsilon mode , is a kind of identity distortion . You appeared to me just then , as some kind of gross insect . Insect ? Something happens inside the head ... The interactions is between Tau matter , and the fabric of the brain itself . What we see in Tau must often only be a half truth . That portion of the stimuli which the brain can resolve in imagery based on personal experience . Trust nothing in atomic space , Paul . We 're taking the chance on our own psyches here for better or for worse . [ siren blares ] What 's that ? It 's the Elektron ! Her signals ! Short blasts . Eric , it 's her distress signal ! We must be close enough to her in the mode pattern to receive her SOS ! Strike them ! Strike the wicked ! Unsheathe the sword of justice . " It is time " , says the voice out of Heaven . Iniquity ... be strong ... Strike ! Take up the sword ! [ siren wails in background ] [ sobbing ] The distress system works automatically . When a generator falls below par , say , or the air or power supply fail . A thousand reasons ! Under normal conditions , it 's a priority request for withdrawal from Tau . Yet we still have to get our own craft into Omega ... - ... to be of any help ... - Exactly ! I 'll try and jump the vector setting . [ coughing ] Miss Palmer ! Miss Palmer ! What is it ? The gas ... gas ! Where 's it coming from ? Gas ... Psilomelane ... Come on ! You must tell me ! You must tell me ! ln the cargo ... - But you mustn 't ... - No . I 'll do everything I can ... [ coughs ] No , it 's no use ! Why won 't it slip ? Tau is the interaction of spatial matter on the very fabric of the brain . I 'll try once more . If I can alter the generator balance , that might do it . [ screams ] For God 's sake ! What are you doing ? I don 't understand . The screen , man , the screen ! What does it say ? Omega . And yes ... Eric ... There , look . The Elektron ! We 've done it . We 've reached her . There isn 't a moment to lose . We 've got to board her . We can 't go out- - How else can we rescue Julie and the others ? We 'd be dashed to pieces if we tried to get through that ! There are rocks , didn 't you see them ? No , you idiot . Omega , that drives men crazy . First you try to kill yourself , then you want to kill others ! Leave me ! [ siren in background ] [ coughs ] [ struggles , grunts ] Paul , Paul , listen to me , can 't you ? [ grunting , yelping ] - Help , help ! I 'll drown ! - Stop that ! - I can 't fight against- - - Stop it , I say ! When will you understand it 's happening inside your head ? Just like the other things . But the difference is if you believe in the Tau vision , then it 's actual . That sea out there can drown you or leave you unharmed . Just as you choose . That 's why your man went mad in the Camargue , because his violence had brought him to just such a Tau-phase , and he believed in it too . - Violence ? - Yes ... Omega 's not a mode you slip into , not by any means . It 's one you thrust yourself at ! Come on , Paul ! Julie needs you ! Julie ? Julie . Julie . - Oh , Paul ! - It 's all right . It 's all right . [ faint feedback ] - Is she all right ? - I think so . It must have been she who turned off the gas . She was the only one left conscious . Pollution 's at a tolerable level . Air-clearance should do the rest . I wonder if I can work this well enough to contact Mary Bone ? They should be able to withdraw us to normalcy now . Eric , tell me . How did you do it ? I backed a hunch and it paid off , that 's all . But the key is somewhere in the Tau interaction with the psyche . It came to me that just before the Elektron slipped into Omega , there was an act of desperation . A man tried to commit suicide , so I attempted the same thing . And we slipped too . Meantime , Julie had independently set out to save the ship , from a further act of desperation . Remember she 's carrying a child . That makes her a creature of life . As certainly as the others are creatures of death . The will to live , the will to die is that the key to Tau-Omega ? We 'll have to work on it . [ man over radio ] Hello , Elektron ? Hello , Elektron ? This is Tau Terminal , London . Are you receiving us ? Hello , Tau Terminal . This is Elektron . Stabilising on Delta , and requesting out-phase . Whenever you 're ready , please . Out-phase ... [ whirring ]
