 [ theme music plays ] The crew lab reports , sir ! Thanks , Jensen . Put them on the table , will you ? Happy to blast off Ganymede ? Yes , Doctor . Very happy . I think it 's the most miserable , and boring mission we 've ever done , and that includes the trip to Beta . - Oh sir , there 's a- - - What is it , Jensen ? There 's a report on one of the men . I think you ought to check it right away . - Who is it ? - Wescott , sir . What 's wrong with him ? It 's incredible , Doctor . I 've never seen anything like it before . It 's impossible . It 's not possible . Have you checked the reagents ? Yes , sir , I ran standards on all the reagents before we started the tests . I want Wescott in the lab right away , Jensen . Track him down , will you ? I don 't want it put over the speaker . I understand , sir . And Jensen , not a word about this to anyone , eh ? No , of course , sir ! I 'll get on to Wescott right away . No , Doctor , I feel very good . Who wouldn 't be to get off that heap of rock ? I 'm just like everybody else , I 'm hoping for a sweet , fast run home . Why , there 's nothing wrong with me is there ? Honestly , I don 't think I 've ever felt better in my life . I just want to re-check on your medical , Wescott , that 's all . First , when Jensen got hold of me , I started thinking about that expedition . The one where the virus got in the crew 's lungs , and ate them all away ? - Pluto ? - Pluto , that 's right- - - I was down for that trip , I remember it very well . - Oh were you ? Now , take your vest off would you please , Wescott ? [ monotone ] It is not far ... It is within reach ... Perhaps we 've been on it since we were born and did not know . Perhaps it is everywhere ... On water and on land . How 's it going , Donnie ? The computers are holding us right in there . We 're dead on course . Thank God for that . I 've never wanted to get back from anywhere like I do this time . How about you ? Green . Green . I want to see things growing again . I want the sight of a woman . There 's nothing more reassuring than the body of a woman . I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journeywork of the stars . And the pismire is equally perfect . And a grain of sand ... And the egg of a wren ... [ slowly ] And the tree toad ... And ... I can 't remember anymore . Donnie , you 're sweating ! Are you all right ? - I 'm cold ! - Cold ? - I wish I were home . - Don 't worry- - Now ! I wish I were home , now ! Now ! Donnie . What is it ? What 's the matter ? I 'm sick , Scotty ! I 'm sick ! Everything 's running out of me ! - I 'll get Crawford- - - No ! No , don 't leave me ! - I won 't leave you , boy- - - I believe a leaf of grass- - Donnie , you 're ill , for God 's sake ! Let me- - - And the pismire is equally- - - [ shouting ] Donnie ! Green ! Green ! I want to see green ! But there isn 't any green , anymore ! [ screams ] Navigation to Central . Navigation to Central ! Get Crawford up here . A man just died . [ man over PA ] Will Doctor Crawford go to Navigation Control at once ? This is an emergency . Repeat . Will Doctor Crawford go to Navigation Control at once ? Emergency . Repeat . Emergency . What did he die of , Crawford ? We 're in trouble , Jaffe , and I don 't begin to know how to explain it . You 'll just have to try , won 't you ? It was all so commonplace , this mission . So completely without incident . Yes , for all we learned on Ganymede we might as well have stayed home . We know all about that , yes . Let 's get back to Shaver and this trouble we 're in . Donnie Shaver 's blood sugar ... was zero . And what does that mean ? It 's not possible for a living human being to have a blood sugar of zero . He 'd be in insulin shock long since , and dead before it ever hit bottom . Not sometimes but always . You mean Shaver should have died days ago ? - If he was a human being , yes . - Oh , come now . Couldn 't there be some completely alien disease ? Impossible ! All right then , it 's a freak condition . No , it isn 't . Here 's a lab report on another navigator , Roger Wescott . Blood sugar , zero ! And Wescott 's still alive . He can 't be alive and be a human being at the same time ! You mean he 's in the same condition as Donnie Shaver ? The dead Donnie Shaver ! I was giving Wescott more tests when Shaver died in the navigation shack . Jensen 's checking them now . Then what are we waiting for ? Have you finished , Jensen ? Just made the last entry , Doctor . What 's on the report ? Let 's have it . It 's extraordinary , Doctor . Never mind the drama ! What about the facts ? Well , Crawford ? For God 's sake , out with it ! Blood sugar normal . His physical condition is normal in every way . Then there had to be some mistake with the first test . There was no mistake , Captain . I checked step by step . Both tests were checked by number and fingerprints . That blood came from the same man 's veins . I know how you feel , but there 's been a mistake . It is possible . We 're all human . The same man can 't have two opposing tests in the same day . - It doesn 't make sense . - I checked , Captain . Doctor ? There 's no mistake , unless ... Unless what ? Let 's go back to my cabin . Time to eat , Scotty . Can 't get the sight of Donnie out of my head . I know how you feel , but it 's no good , is it ? Donnie 's dead , and that 's all there is to it . How do you think I feel ? I worked closest to him on the ship . I suppose you 're right , I 'd better pull myself together . Are we on course ? I don 't know what Roger Wescott is now , but he 's not a human being . You 'd better spell it out . All right . Just suppose Ganymede wasn 't quite as deserted as we thought it were . - Well that 's crazy- - - As you said , we 're all human . - We can all make mistakes . - Yes , but this is- - Suppose , then , there was life there . Intelligent life . Suppose we didn 't remain unnoticed , but were carefully observed . Observed by life forms that didn 't want to make their presence known . Life forms ? What life forms ? The place was as dead as an extinct volcano . The Ganymede we saw might have been carefully prepared for us , so that we 'd see nothing , detect nothing , learn nothing . So that we 'd come home empty handed . All right . We 'll suppose all that . So ? Now what if these life forms had no particular rigid anatomy as we do . Maybe they 're like some sort of jelly-like protoplasm , capable of changing to fit whatever conditions they might meet . Perhaps , copy , anything they wanted to copy . - Roger Wescott . - Exactly . Maybe one of them killed Roger Wescott , out there among the rocks . And came aboard this ship , copying exactly his reactions , his appearance , hoping to learn more about us . - But how does this- - - I 'm coming to that . Now , suppose this creature slipped up on this copying job . Maybe he couldn 't know at first just how the blood chemistry of a human being was supposed to balance . Maybe he needed time to change and copy . So he came aboard this ship , with a nice , convincing outer shell all completed , but with the inside all mixed up and uncertain . No , this is fantastic- - So we drew his blood and it was wrong , completely impossible as blood goes . Then realising the mistake , he tried to cover up by killing Shaver , and giving him false blood too , just to confuse the picture , making us think that , perhaps , there was some sort of mysterious disease on board , knowing that we would spend the rest of the passage , trying to figure it out . All right , if , and it 's a monumental ' if ' ... If things are as you say , then Wescott isn 't Wescott . But how the devil can you prove it ? It 's a good question . The creature copying Wescott would react , exactly as he would , right down to the last cell . The creature would be Wescott , except for a fragment of alien mind , persisting , thinking , holding fast to an alien identity . Moving with alien motives . I 'll go four credits . Your four and two . That 's six to me , with four . - That 's too rich for me . - And me . That leaves you and I , Gerry . Got the feeling that you 're on one of your lucky streaks , Roger , my boy , but I 'll risk two more . What 's it going to cost me ? - Ten . - Good thing I stacked . Are you bluffing , Roger ? Are you going to pay to find out ? [ Jaffe ] A creature like that would have to be evil , wouldn 't it ? To do something like this , treacherous and sly ? Yes , it would . And we could carry it back home ... Yes . And you believe your theories about this creature are true ? Yes . Well , Doctor , I respect you . I respect your opinions , but- - - You don 't go along with them ? - It has to be impossible ! It has to be ! Even if you are right , what can we do about it ? I don 't know . I just don 't know . But there must be a way to break Roger Wescott , or whatever he is . I have heard of almost perfect counterfeits before . But I 've never heard of a counterfeit that couldn 't be broken . Do I have your permission to go ahead with my investigation into Roger Wescott ? Yes , of course you do . Then can I start by looking into his confidential file ? I 'll get it for you right away . [ man over recorder ] Nevertheless , in hypnosis all subjects reported vivid dreams and described them in considerable length and detail . And yet , when the subjects were awakened , all insisted that no dreams had occurred . Experimental sessions covering a vast number of subjects have always revealed that human beings dream every night of their lives . That human beings dream every night of their lives ... Just a minute ... It can be noted here that there is a distinct ratio between strain in the individual and heightened frequency of dreams and nightmares . I think I 've found a way to break our counterfeit . You 're as convinced as ever about your theory ? Yes , I am . On my rounds this afternoon , I made a point of talking to Wescott in the Navigation hatch . Now I must say he seems completely normal to me . Still , I suppose as captain of this ship , I can 't afford to take any chances . I must go along with you . What 's your plan ? Is the collection for Donnie Shaver 's widow all in ? Yes , in the safe . Two thousand credits . The boys have been generous , haven 't they ? Donnie was very popular . I want to use the credits to trap Wescott . - To trap him ? - Yes . How ? I want to give him nightmares . [ man over PA ] Seven-two-two Wescott report to Doctor Crawford 's cabin at once . I 'll repeat that ... Will seven-two-two Wescott report immediately to Doctor Crawford 's cabin . End of message . Dr. Crawford ? Anything I can do for you , Roger ? Am I okay , Jensen ? What do you mean ? My last tests , were they clear ? You 're 100 percent , if that 's what 's worrying you . Then there 's no virus running round the ship ? Correct . What did Donnie die of ? Whatever it was , it 's nothing for you to worry about . But I 'd like to know . You 'd better ask Crawford , hadn 't you ? I don 't know why , but I 've got a funny feeling something 's going wrong on this trip . Donnie 's dead . That 's what went wrong . Now it 's over and done with . You think so ? I don 't . What I have to say , Scotty , is not going to make very pleasant listening . How many missions have you done under my command ? Five , sir . Six including this . You 've got one of the best service records of any man on this ship . What 's it all about , Captain ? Donnie Shaver was a close friend of yours , wasn 't he , Scotty ? Yes , he was my best friend . No doubt you contributed to the collection that was raised for his widow ? Yes , of course I contributed . Money has been stolen , Scotty . No , it 's not possible , nobody would do this on this ship . It 's not possible . An hour ago that money was on Dr. Crawford 's desk . He was called from his quarters , and when he returned the money was gone . It 's not possible ... The money was on my desk , ready for dispatch . Of course , it is possible that the man who took the money did not realize exactly what it was he was stealing . Why are you telling me all this , Captain ? Two men were seen in the vicinity of my cabin an hour ago . You and Roger Wescott . Wescott ? Do you deny being in the doctor 's quarters at that time ? Why , I don 't deny anything , I ... I was on duty . I left a report on your desk , but ... But then Wescott wouldn 't take that money any more than I would . Well , that ... leaves me then , doesn 't it , Scotty ? Of course , that 's ridiculous , sir . You know , it just makes me a bit sick , that 's all and ... It makes me a bit sick ! No , it 's all right ... Keep a grip on yourself . Would you object if we searched your kit ? You can search my kit and shoot me if you like . I don 't think either of these measures would be necessary . I don 't believe you took the money . Did you , Scotty ? No , I didn 't . Go and take over from Wescott . Send him in here right away . But Roger Wescott , sir- - Send him in here right away ! And don 't tell him anything about what happened in here . Is that understood , Scotty ? Do you understand , Scotty ? Yes , sir , I understand . Well , that seed 's sown . Roger Wescott , sir ! You sent for me ? I sent for you , Wescott . Don 't stand there . Come in . The Captain and I want to talk to you . Yes , sir . [ clears throat ] What 's your job on this ship ? But you know what my job is , sir . Answer Doctor Crawford , Wescott . I 'm a navigator , sir . I work with Scotty McIntire . You also worked with Donnie Shaver , didn 't you ? Yes . Yes , I did . Donnie was a very good friend of mine . Special operations expert it says here in the Specialty Schools Report . Man is of high value in blasting and launching procedures ... Stood high in his class in Navigation . You got started young , didn 't you , Wescott ? I started as soon as they 'd have me , sir , it 's what I 've always wanted . You look straightforward enough , Wescott , honest enough . It 's disappointing to see how deceptive appearances can be . What 's wrong , Doctor ? What 's wrong ? You stand there , Wescott , and tell me you don 't know ? No , sir . Honestly , sir . I 've no idea . No idea , eh , Wescott ? You 're a fool ! You should know better than to try stealing from a ship like this . Stealing , sir ? I don 't understand . You understand all right . The money the crew took up for Donnie Shaver 's widow . - Over two thousand credits . - But sir , I 've- - That money was on my desk when I left my cabin an hour ago . You entered my cabin five minutes later and left almost immediately . I think you 'd better return it . Sir , I honestly don 't know what you 're talking about ! I was sent to your cabin , you weren 't there . So I came out again . I didn 't see any money . Sent for ? I never sent for you , Wescott . I honestly don 't know what you 're talking about ! I didn 't take any money . Captain , you 've been my skipper ever since I 've been in the service . You must know I wouldn 't have taken any money . That money ? I wouldn 't take that money , if my life depended on it . You know that , Captain . You heard Dr. Crawford , Wescott . I think you 'd do better to admit and make a clean breast of it . No . Captain ... Doctor ... Please . You don 't believe me , do you ? There 's nothing I can say that will convince you ? You 've made up your minds that I 'm lying and that 's that ! I 'm stuck then , aren 't I ? If I didn 't take the money , how the devil can I give it back ? All right , Wescott , that 's enough . Get back to your post . But I tell you now , we 'll go through this ship with a fine tooth-comb . The money is here on board and we know who took it . - Look , sir- - - Get back to your post ! I don 't like this . I don 't like it at all . - You said that before . - It 's disgusting ! It 's very tough , but you 'll just have to go along with me . I can 't go along with this sort of lie ! I didn 't realise the implications until I saw the boy . But this is downright vicious ! That 's the right word , vicious ! We 're dealing with something vicious ! Can 't you get that into your head ? Do you have to see something to be afraid of it ? Is a radioactive burn any less vicious , because you can 't see it when it happens ? Or plague ? Or polio ? - Can you really- - - I 've thought about this until I 'm sick of thinking ! I tell you , I 'm afraid . So afraid I can 't sleep . This thing is here . It 's loose in our ship . And we can 't even prove or detect its existence ! If it were good or friendly or peaceable , it would have made itself known from the start . But it didn 't do that . Don 't you see what that implies ? It murdered . Twice it murdered . It murdered Roger Wescott back among the rocks somewhere , and it murdered Donnie . Now that 's two of our crew , two men , who 'll never see home again . And that counterfeit we were just talking to killed them . He looked so normal . He reacted so perfectly . Exactly ! Think what he can do on this ship if we don 't stop it ! We 've no idea what powers this thing might have . At least it 's closed in here . It 's isolated . What about when we get home ? When it can roam loose in the streets ? Don 't you see ? We can 't take it home with us . We can 't take it home ! All right . Then we ought to warn the crew , let them be on guard . And lose any chance we have of trapping it ? That would be fatal ! I think I 've found a way to corner this thing . You 'll just have to let me try ! [ man over PA ] Will all crewmen , not engaged in key duties , assemble immediately in the mess-hall , where they will be addressed by the Captain . End of message . Well , what 's it all about , Scotty ? I don 't know ... But I take a damn good bet , it 's got something to do with Donnie 's collection . Donnie 's collection ? I suppose I shouldn 't have opened my mouth . It 'll all come out now anyway . What 'll all come out now ? The news that somebody 's taken Donnie 's collection money . Do you know what Jensen ? I was under suspicion . I was under suspicion . They thought that I took the money for his widow . But I know who did , Jensen . I know who did . What do you reckons going on , Roger ? No idea . The skipper 's not getting us together to tell us what good boys we all are . Something 's certain . Something 's piled up , that 's for certain . Something 's gone wrong . It can 't be the ship . Maybe there 's something come through from home . Trouble . Why are you all so cheerful ? I bet it 's a general pep talk . [ mockingly ] " Done well so far . Be landing on Terra four days from now . Don 't want any slackening of effort . " [ normal voice ] You know how it goes . I 'll give you two to one it 's trouble . I 'll take it ! Five credits to ten ! You 've got a bet ! All right , men , settle down now ! Captain Jaffe 's got something to say to you . Thank you , Doctor . I want to say first , men , how impressed I 've been by the way you 've conducted yourselves both on board and on Ganymede . Particularly on Ganymede . Not yet ! The sting 's to come ! [ Jaffe ] Ganymede was certainly the most unrewarding planet we 've ever been stuck on , but you all carried out your jobs admirably . You worked as a team , helped one another , and kept the level of work high . That 's why I stand in front of you now , baffled and disappointed . I would have said I 'd a crew that could be trusted , one hundred percent ! I 've got to tell you now that we 've got a thief on board . One of you here has stolen the two thousand credits collected for Donald Shaver 's widow . [ gasping , murmurs of disgust ] Not possible ! I can see you 're angry . As angry as I am . It is possible that the man who took it did so on an impulse without realising what it was . So I 've decided to give him a chance . If the guilty man will return the credits personally to Dr. Crawford , who had custody of the money , no action will be taken . The man will be allowed to transfer at the end of this passage and that will be that . I wouldn 't like to be in that character 's shoes if Scotty gets hold of him ! One final remark . If the money isn 't returned by the time we come into landing orbit , not one man will leave the ship until it is . That 's all . You 're dismissed . No doubt about it ! That 's a rotten trick ! The rottenest trick I 've ever heard of ! This character will never own up , that 's certain ! He must have known what he was taking ! [ man ] Yes , but who could it be ? [ muted speech ] Why have you stopped playing ? Red ten on Jack ? You 're not concentrating , Wescott ! Too bad about Donnie , isn 't it ? I said it 's too bad about Donnie ! Too bad somebody took that money . because I reckon , Westcott , that with Donnie gone , she 'd need all the money she could get . Wouldn 't you , Wescott ? Wouldn 't you , Wescott ? What do you think of a man that would steal , from another man 's widow , Wescott ? You see , he 's got no opinion about that at all ! I 'll ask you again , Wescott ... How low can a man get , Wescott ? I 'm talking to you ! What did you do with the money ? I didn 't take the damn money . Have you got that all of you ? I didn 't take any money . You 're not only a miserable thief , Wescott , but you 're yellow . [ grunting ] I wouldn 't dirty my hands . [ electronic wailing ] [ siren ringing ] [ electronic wailing ] [ siren ringing ] [ siren continues ] [ electronic wailing ] [ siren ringing ] [ siren continues ] [ electronic wailing ] [ siren ringing ] [ electronic wailing ] [ siren ringing ] [ electronic wailing ] I hope you 're satisfied , you 've got the whole ship upside down . They 've been plaguing Wescott until he 's almost a nervous wreck . ln fact everybody is getting edgy . Are you edgy ? Yes , I 'm edgy . I don 't mind admitting it . This whole thing 's getting on my nerves . If I could see the point , it would be different , but this is going too far . I 've had nightmares ever since it started , and every time I see Wescott he gives me a look that makes me feel like Judas . Don 't touch that ! What 's the matter ? Sorry , I must be pretty jumpy myself . This business has me scared of everybody on board , including myself . Are you sure you haven 't talked yourself into this nightmare ? He has got to be dead . Anyway , last night I carried out an experiment . If the pattern repeats itself tonight , I 'll be 100 percent absolutely sure . What is the experiment ? - I 'm sorry l- - - You 're sorry but what ? Aren 't you going to tell me what you 're looking for ? - I 'm sorry , but I think ... - You think what ? What do you think ? That I 'm not to be trusted ? That I 'm a monster ? That maybe I 'm one of your aliens ? Is that what you think ? Is that what you 're trying to tell me ? I told you , I 'm scared of everybody on-board , including myself . Oh , for God 's sake , this is ridiculous ! I demand to know what you 're up to . Is that an order ? Yes ! Yes , it 's an order . I 'm sorry , but I can 't tell you . You do realize this amounts to insubordination ? If that 's what you want to think . As captain of this ship , that 's exactly what I do think . I 'm telling you now , I 'll make a full report of this to the Commandant , the moment we land on Terra . I want to talk to you , Dr. Crawford . You coming to return the money , Wescott ? You know I haven 't . Then there 's nothing more to be said . Yes . There is . Make it brief , Wescott . Come on , Wescott , say what you have to say and get it over with . I haven 't got all day . Doctor , I don 't know what you 've got against me , but I didn 't take that money . You know I didn 't . I want you to call it off . Call what off ? This accusation that I 'm a thief . You know it isn 't true . You 're the one that started it and you 're the only one that is going to stop it . I 've had enough . If you 've had enough , Wescott , why don 't you return the money ? If you 're trying to break me in some way , you 're doing a very good job of it . I haven 't had a civil word from anybody on this ship , since you started this business . You 've come to the wrong man for civil words , Wescott . Try somewhere else . I have had all I can take , Doctor . If you don 't call it off , I think I 'll go out of my mind . Out of your mind , Wescott ? That 's an interesting thought . Why don 't you do it ? Go ahead . Go out of your mind . I 'm not going to do a thing to help you ! Go ahead , go out of your mind . [ man over PA ] All hands stand by . Prepare for deceleration in three hours . Prepare for deceleration in three hours . Prepare for deceleration in three hours . We 'll be in landing orbit in a few hours . Well , I 've ... I 've cut it fine , but it 's all in there . Wescott ? Yes . I 've got him cold . I 'm sorry I held out on you , for so long , but I had to be sure . And now you are . Yes . No doubt . No doubt at all . I just had him sent down to check the starboard pressure lock . [ exhales ] So this is it . Yes , but I 'll explain later . We haven 't got much time . What are you going to do ? See here . Look at the starboard pressure lock . Looks a very ordinary boy , doesn 't he ? - Very ordinary . - Very human . Now watch this . Throw the switch , throw the switch ! I haven 't got a suit on ! [ high pitched screeching ] [ electronic waving ] Throw it ! Throw it ! You 'll kill me . [ siren blaring ] What 're you doing , Crawford ? You 'll kill him . There 's no other way . Watch him . [ high pitched screeching ] [ siren ringing ] [ screeching and siren continues ] His whole body 's beginning to change . It 's losing all definition . It 's melting . [ screeching and ringing continues ] It 's changing into something that 's not human ... It 's not remotely human . [ siren blares and screeching continues ] Oh , my God . You see , I wasn 't wrong . No . No . You weren 't wrong . I never heard of a counterfeit that couldn 't be broken if you go about it the right way . Usually there 's a flaw in the design . The copy 's not perfect . But this was different altogether . - You had a counterfeit man . - Yes . And such a perfect copy that microscopic study of its tissues would have revealed no flaw ! We could assume that this alien , this creature , copied Wescott , made a mistake in his blood count , destroyed Shaver , giving him false blood too , just to throw us off the scent . And then , corrected the fault in himself . He must have copied Wescott 's neural circuit too . When he should have been scared , he was scared . When he should have been angry , he was angry . All this he copied from Wescott 's mind . What he didn 't realise , was the importance of certain subconscious activities . - Like dreams . - Yes , exactly . It 's that simple . He didn 't know that all humans dream . Now , you realise when we land we mustn 't take any risks . I mean it would be foolish to assume that only one alien came on board . Oh , God , no ! Don 't tell me you think some other crew member might be infected ? We can 't discount the possibility , can we ? [ sighs ] No . No , I imagine we can 't . We 'll be in landing orbit in less than an hour . What do you suggest we do ? Get through to the Spaceport Commandant ! Have him meet the ship with an armed guard . All officers and men to be taken to the space hospital to be isolated , until I 've checked the entire crew ! That way there 's no possibility of slip . I 'll get onto the Commandant right away ! And Bob ... Obviously we mustn 't let the crew know what 's going on . Obviously . Yes , Ellis . What is it ? The orders have been carried out , Commander . Immediately the ship landed , the men were all sent under escort to the Isolation Hospital . - You 're sure ? Everybody ? - Yes , everybody , sir . I checked the list personally against faces and fingerprints . - You 've posted guards outside the ship , Ellis ? - Yes , sir . And given orders that no one is to be allowed on-board , except Doctor Crawford ? - Yes , sir , I have . - Good . Well , Crawford , it 's up to you now . I suggest you go home now , and start your examinations tomorrow . Yes , sir , I 'll do that , as soon as I 've packed up my records and notes . Oh , and Crawford , I think you 've shown great initiative and courage . - It won 't go unnoticed . - Thank you , sir . Sorry , sir , no one 's allowed on-board . Order of the Commander . Carry on , sir . [ doors closing ] [ loud banging ] Captain ... Bob ... Bob ... [ siren rings faintly ] It won 't work . You can 't get away , do you hear me ? You can 't get away . I told them everything . They know there 's another one of you in the crew . The ship ... The ship 's guarded . It 's airtight . You 're trapped . [ siren stops ] [ faint knocking ] [ gun shot , shattering ] [ glass shattering underfoot ] [ siren rings faintly ] You 'll never get off this ship ! They 'll take it aloft and they 'll burn it ! And they 'll burn you with it . [ screams loudly ] [ screams ] [ Dr. Crawford whimpers and gasps ] [ screams ] [ whimpers and screams ] [ gunshot ] [ system booting up ] Good night , Dr Crawford . [ door whirring ] [ thunderous explosion ]
