 ( Butler shaking baby rattle ) Number two : This is it . For better or worse . Who knows ? One week . One teeny-weeny week , my boy . Neither of us can leave . Till death do us part . And I brought it on myself . Who knows ? Come ahead , son , let 's see what you 're made of . Find out what 's in that noddle of yours . A. Find ... Missing ... Link ! When I have found it I will refine it and tune it and you will play our game . No , sir . Top secret . State secret ? Yes ! State secret , sir ? Top , state , secret , confidential ! Why , why , why did you resign ? No ... ! Don 't move the right and leave the left asleep , ' hit me ! Number two : Kill ... kill ... kill ! Ya " ! Now ! Kill ! Come on , boy . You can do it all , boy . You 're the one-man band . You won 't step over the threshold because you 're scared . Go on . Kill . Ya " ! Why did you resign ? ! You know who you are ? A fool . What ? Yes . No , don 't . Yes , an idiot . No ... I 'll kill you . I 'll die . You 're dead . ( Airplane engine hums ) Number two : 12 seconds to zero . Stand by to release . All set ? Number six : Set . 11 ... 11 . Ten ... Ten . Nine ... Nine . Eight ... Eight . Seven ... Seven . Six ... six ! Standing by . Approaching ... Again . Let go ... now ! Bombs gone . Good boy ! Bull 's eye ! Built-in bars . Also ... Self-contained . Kitchen ... Bathroom ... Air conditioning ... Food supplies for six months . You 'd go anywhere in it . It even has a waste disposal unit . It moves ? It 's detachable . What 's behind it ? Steel , steel . Die , six , die ! Five ... Die ! Four ... Die . ( Hoarsely ) : Three ... Die . ( Garbled ) : Two ... Die ! One ... Die ! Zero ... Die ! ( Heart beating , clock ticking ) ( Heartbeat and ticking stop ) Congratulations . We shall need the body for evidence . ( Glass shatters ) What do you desire ? Number one . I 'll take you . Man : We thought you would feel happier ... As yourself . ( Opening to the Beatles' " all you need ls love " plays ) ♪ Love , love , love ... ♪ ♪ Love , love , love ... ♪ ♪ Love , love , love ... ♪ ♪ There 's nothing you can do that can 't be done ... ♪ ♪ Nothing you can sing that can 't be sung ... ♪ ♪ Nothing you can say , but you can learn how to play the game ♪ ♪ It 's easy ... ♪ ( Door buzzes ) ( Footsteps marching ) ( Light applause ) ♪ All you need is love ... ♪ ♪ All you need is love ... ♪ ♪ All you need is love ... ♪ Welcome . ( Applause ) ( Rhythmic hissing ) ( Applause continues ) ( Applause continues ) This session is called in a matter of Democratic crisis . And we are here gathered to resolve the question of revolt . We desire that these proceedings be conducted in a civilized manner but remind ourselves that humanity is not humanized without force . And that errant children must sometimes be brought to book with a smack on their backsides . ( Applause ) ( Gavels , applause stops ) We draw your attention to the regrettable bullet . The community is at stake and we have the means to protect it . The assembly is now in security . Number six is presented to you . President : We understand he has survived the ultimate test . Indeed . Then he must no longer be referred to as number six or a number of any kind . He has gloriously vindicated the right of the individual to be individual and this assembly rises to you ... sir . ( Applause stops ) Sir , we crave your indulgence for a short while . The , uh , transfer of ultimate power requires some tedious ceremony and perhaps you would care to observe the preliminaries from the ... chair of honor . ( Fanfare playing ) President : Sir , we thank you and promise to be as brief as possible . ( Clatter ) Machinery whining ) ( Pulsing tones ) Resuscitate . A revolution . Get him out . Key . ( Whooshing and beeping ) ( Beeping accelerates ) ( Whirring and zapping ) Revolt ... Can take many forms . And here we have three specific instances : Number 48 . Thanks for the trip , dad . Be grateful for the opportunity of pleading your case before the assembly . ( Laughs ) Baby , what a crazy scene ! ♪ Collar bone 's connected to the neck bone ♪ ♪ And the neck bone 's connected to the head bone ... ♪ Number 48 ! Number 48 : ♪ them bones gonna walk around ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones gonna walk around ... ♪ Number 48 ! ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ Number 48 ! ( Pulsing tones ) ♪ Now hear that word of the lord ... ♪ Order ! Order ! Release him ! Release him ! ♪ Hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Disconnected them bones . ♪ President : Youth , with its enthusiasms which rebels against any accepted norm because it must ... and we sympathize ... it may wear flowers in its hair , bells on it toes but when the common good is threatened when the function of society is endangered such revolts must cease . They are nonproductive and must be abolished ! Jingles bell ) Number 48 ... ( Bums ) ♪ Hear ... ♪ ♪ The word ... ♪ ♪ Of the lord . ♪ ♪ Hip bone 's connected to the back bone ♪ ♪ And the back bone 's connected to the head bone ♪ ♪ And the head bone 's connected to the neck bone ... ♪ ( Shouting and gaveling ) ♪ Head bone 's connected to the back bone ♪ ♪ Back bone 's connected to the neck bone ♪ ♪ And the neck bone 's connected to the head bone , yeah , yeah ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones gonna walk around ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones gonna walk around ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones gonna walk around ♪ ♪ Hear that word of the lord ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ... ♪ Former number six : Young man ! Give it to me again . Don 't knock yourself out . Give me the rest . Young ... Man . I 'm born all over . Sir , we thank you for your kindly intervention but fear that such familiarity is not in keeping with procedure . We must maintain the status quo . Now , number ... ( Pulsing tones ) Yes , of course . ( Tones continue ) Naturally , it would expedite matters . Very well . To your places ! Sir , it would appear that , um temporarily , we may use the new form of address in order to bring these proceedings to an early and satisfactory conclusion . Those in favor ... ( Applause ) ( Gavels ) Carried . We are obliged ... sir . Don 't mention it , dad . Young ... Man . You got the message . I just got it . You 've never been with it , with us . I 'm gone , gone away . But you were here , then you went and gone . Got the word ? Oh , yes , yes . The bright light , dad . Got a sign ? Sign ? The light . Light ? The message . Then you went and gone ? Why ? Give it to me , baby ! That 's it . Give me the rest ! Give , all you want 's give . That 's it . That 's it . And take . That 's it . Take 's all you want . That 's it . Take . That 's it . Take ... Take , take ... Take , take . All : Take , take , take , take , take take , take , take , take , take take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take , take ... Take ! ( Gavels ) Jingles bell ) Now you 're high . I 'm low . Give it to me , baby ! Confess . Oh , dad , I 'm your baby , dad . You owe your baby something , daddy . Confess . The bones is yours , dad . They came from you , my daddy . Confess . Now you 're hep . Hip , dad , hip . Confess . And a hip bone . Confess . And a thigh bone . Confess . Shine bone , knee bone ... Confess . Back bone , all yours , dad . Confess . Knee bone ... The four lads : ♪ Ezekiel cracked them dry bones ♪ ♪ Ezekiel cracked them dry bones ♪ ♪ Ezekiel cracked them dry bones ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Ezekiel connected them dry bones ♪ ♪ Ezekiel connected them dry bones ♪ ♪ Ezekiel connected them dry bones ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Oh , your toe bone 's connected to your foot bone ♪ ♪ Your foot bone 's connected to your heel bone ♪ ♪ your heel bone 's connected to your ankle bone ♪ ♪ Your ankle bone 's connected to your leg bone ♪ ♪ Your leg bone 's connected to your knee bone j ♪ your knee bone 's connected to your thigh bone ♪ ♪ Your thigh bone 's connected to your hip bone ♪ ♪ Your hip bone 's connected to your back bone ♪ ♪ Your back bone 's connected to your shoulder bone ♪ ♪ Your shoulder bone 's connected to your neck bone ♪ ♪ Your neck bone 's connected to your head bone . ♪ Hip , hip , hip , hip ... All : Hooray ! And hear the word of the lord . ( Gavels ) Guilty ! Read the charge ! The prisoner has been charged with the most serious breach of social etiquette . Jingles bell ) Total defiance of the elementary laws which sustain our community questioning the decisions of those we voted to govern us . Unhealthy aspects of speech and dress not in accordance with general practice . And the refusal to observe , wear or respond to his number ! Jingles bell ) Sir , you approve the proceedings ? I ... note them . Sir , I take it you have no comment at this stage . Not at this stage . Then the accused will , uh , be held in the place of sentence until after your ... Inauguration . Remove him ! ( No speech ) ( Rhythmic hissing ) Muttering y ♪ hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ... ♪ A most regrettable demonstration . My apologies , sir . Oh , don 't mention it . I think you 'll find our next revolutionary a different kettle of fish altogether . ( Whirring and beeping ) ( Laughing ) Next . ( Beeping and ' zapping ' ) ( Man laughing ) ( Laughing ) ( Assembly joins in laughter ) ( Laughter continues ) ( Laughter continues ) ( Laughter continues ) ( Laughter continues ) ( Laughter stops ) I feel a new man ! Laughing ) My dear chap ! So have you been keeping ? Throne at last , eh ? I knew it . It had to be . And you , my little friend , ever faithful , hmm ? ( Chuckles ) Come on . Come on , come on . New allegiances . Such is the price of fame ... And failure . Dear me , how sad . My lords , ladies and gentlemen ! A most extraordinary thing happened to me on my way here . Laughter and applause ) ( Ceases abruptly ) It has been my lot , in the past to wield a not-inconsiderable power . Nay , I have had the ear of statesmen , kings and princes of many lands . Governments have been swayed , policies defined and revolutions nipped in the bud at a word from me in the right place and at a propitious time . Not surprising , therefore that this community should find a use for me . Not altogether by accident that one day I should be abducted and wake up here amongst you . What is deplorable is that I resisted for so short a time . A fine tribute to your methods . ( Applause ) I wish to thank you for a recognition of my talent which placed me in a position of power second only ... To one . This authority gave me the right to make decisions . My last decision concerned this gentleman here which could be resolved only in the death of either one or the other of us . He emerged victorious . I apparently ... Former number six ( On film ) : Die ! Former number two : Five ... Die ! Died . Former number two : Three ... Former number six : Die . Two ... How was it done ? One ... Former number six : Die . Was it the drink ? You couldn 't even let me rest in peace . How was it done ? There have to be some security secrets that are kept from a late number two . Former number six : Did you ever meet him ? Did you ever meet number one ? Face to face ? Yes . Meet him ? ! ( Laughs ) Oh ... meet him . ( Chuckles ) ( Pulsing tones ) Shall I ? Give him a stare ? President : You transgress ! I shall give him a stare . Look me in the eye . Whoever you are ... Whatever you are . President : You 'll die ! Yes ... then I 'll die with my own mind . You 'll hypnotize me no longer . ( Hissing , rumbling and beeping ) ( Spits ) ( Rapid beeping ) ( Assembly yelling angrily ) ( Yelling stops , beeping slows ) Sir ? Hold him . In the place of sentence ? Until my inauguration . Secure him . ( Rhythmic hissing ) ( Laughing ) Be seeing you . Laughing ) ( Laughter echoing ) We ... have just witnessed two forms of revolt . The first , uncoordinated youth rebelling against nothing it can define . The second , an established , successful , secure member of the establishment turning upon and biting the hand that feeds him . Well , these attitudes are dangerous . They contribute nothing to our culture and are to be stamped out ! ( Applause ) ( Gavels , applause stops ) ( Pulsing tones ) President : At the other end of the scale we are honored to have with us a revolutionary of different caliber . President : He has revolted resisted , fought , held fast maintained destroyed resistance , overcome coercion . President : The right to be person , someone or individual . We applaud his private war and concede that despite materialistic efforts he has survived intact and secure . All that remains is ... Recognition of a man . A man of ... steel . President : A man magnificently equipped to lead us . That is , lead us ... Or go . In this connection , we have a prize . President : You will see that your home is being made ready . Above and beyond this , we have the means for you to desert us and go anywhere . President : Key to your house ; Traveler 's checks , a million , ' passport , valid for anywhere , ' and , uh , petty cash . You are free to go . Free to go ? Anywhere . Why ? You have been such an example to us . Why ? You have convinced us of our mistakes . Why ? You 're pure , you know the way , show us . Why ? Your revolt is good and honest . You are the only individual . We need you . I see . You do . You see all . I 'm an individual ? You are on your own . I fail to see . All about you is ... Yours . We concede . We offer ... We plead for you to lead us . Or go ? Go if you wish . I ... I don 't know . Take the stand . Address us . Should I ? You must . You are the greatest . Make a statement . A true statement which could only be yours , but for us . Remember us . Don 't forget us . Keep us in mind . Sir ... We are all yours . ( Applause ) ( Gavels , applause stops ) I ... Assembly : Aye , aye , aye ! ( Gavels ) I feel that despite ... Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! I feel that despite the ... Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Devaluation of the pound . Nevertheless ... ( Gavels ) ( Louder ) : I feel that despite ... ( Drowning him out ) : Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! ( Voice drowned out by assembly ) Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! ( Voice drowned out ) Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! ( Voice drowned out ) Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! ( Voice drowned out ) Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye , aye ! Aye , aye ... Assembly : Hip , hip , hooray ! President : Sir ... On behalf of us all , we thank you . And now , I take it that you are prepared to meet , uh ... Number one . Follow me , if you would be so kind ... Sir . ( Fanfare playing ) ( Rhythmic hissing ) ( Former number two laughing ) Number 48 : ♪ hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ... ♪ Laughing ) ( Scatting song ) ( Laughing ) ( Laughing ) ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ... ♪ ( Fanfare plays ) Number 48 : ♪ them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Now hear that word of the lord , yeah ♪ ( Laughing and singing continue faintly ) ( Door buzzes ) ( Door hums ) Beeping y I will not be pushed , filed , stamped , indexed briefed , debriefed or numbered ! I will not be pushed , filed , stamped indexed , briefed , debriefed or numbered ! My life is my own . I , I ... ( Slam echoing ) I , I , I. I , I , I , I , I , I I , I , I , I ( faster ) : I , I , I , I , I , I , I , I , I. I , I , I , I , I , I , I , I ... ( Laughing wildly ) ( Laughing ) ( Laughing ) ( Laughing ) ( Door hums ) ( Faint laughter and humming ) ( Laughing ) Beeping y ( hissing ) ( Louder hissing ) Contact ... Control ! President : Confirm contact priority ! Contact priority ! Emergency ! Contact control ! Contact control ! Emergency ! Contact ! ( Alarm beeping ) Contact control ! Emergency ! All personnel ! Takeover ! ( Hissing , alarm blaring ) ( Alarm blaring ) ( Gunfire ) President : Evacuate ! Evacuate ! ( Gunfire , alarms continue ) Evacuate ! ( Gunfire , alarms continue ) Evacuate ! ( " All you need ls love " plays ) ♪ No one you can save that can 't be saved ♪ ♪ Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time ♪ ♪ It 's easy ♪ ♪ All you need is love ♪ ♪ all you need is love ♪ ♪ all you need is love , love ♪ ♪ love is all you need ... ♪ President ( As alarm blares ) : Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! ( Alarm blaring ) Evacuate ! Evacuate ! ( Loud hissing , alarm blaring ) Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! ( Siren wailing ) Evacuate ! Evacuate ! Evacuate ! ( Siren wailing ) ( Alarm blaring ) ( Engines roaring ) ( Latin music starts playing ) ( Rover roaring ) Carmen Miranda : ♪ I yi yi yi yl , I like you very much ♪ ♪ I yi yi yi yi , I think you 're grand ♪ ♪ Why , why , why is it that when I feel your touch ♪ ♪ My hearts starts to beat to beat the band ? ♪ ♪ I yi yi yi , I like you to hold me tight ♪ ♪ You are too , too , too , too , too divine ♪ ♪ If you want to be in someone 's arms tonight ♪ ♪ Just be sure the arms you 're in are mine . ♪ The four lads : ( Music stops ) ( Big Ben chiming ) The four lads : ♪ ... Back bone ♪ ♪ Your back bone 's connected from your hip bone ♪ ♪ Your hip bone 's connected from your thigh bone ♪ ♪ Your thigh bone 's connected from your knee bone ♪ ♪ Your knee bone 's connected from your leg bone j ♪ your leg bone 's connected from your ankle bone ♪ ♪ Your ankle bone 's connected from your heel bone ♪ ♪ Your heel bone 's connected from your foot bone ♪ ♪ Your foot bone 's connected from your toe bone ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of the lord ♪ ♪ Well , them bone , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Them bones , them bones , them dry bones ♪ ♪ Now hear ... ♪ ( Starts engine ) ( Car drives away ) ( Door buzzes ) ( Thunder booms ) ( Thunder booming ) ( Thunder booms )
