 ~ Cyborg 009 ~ ~ ~ Monster Wars ~ ~ Red scarf is fluttering in the wind Marsh on , cyborg our fighters Peace keepers and justice lights Endless oceans in our front Dark clouds block our road Enemies of peace and the world Fight back with all efforts Red scarf is fluttering in the wind Marsh on , cyborg our fighters Peace keepers and justice lights Ah , cyborg 009 How is it in the ship Customers are enjoying Really Oh , what 's that Coming toward us making the world in panic monster Playsio attacked New York last night appeared in Rio in South America this morning warmly city in blue sea Rio now ruined ... Strange , the helicopter is following me What does it want ! Good 009 , long time no see Is that 004 I am just kidding with you You are still not changed What 's that ? Research center where Dr. Chelume is also in 009 , it 's your unification again Oh , monster , it destroy the world It 's not a normal dinosaur but with ultra-sound very powerful to destroy enemies You think normal dinosaur has such weapon ? This mean it 's them agin ? ! I think yes , 009 Ah ? 001 , you ... That 's the imagining power of 001 Imagining power ? That 's the ability of concentrating your mind moving stuffs around 001 ' s cells are many tens times more advanced than regular humans thus can do much more with mental power If that power increases it can move bigger stuffs around 001 , you are really powerful It 's not the time to admire me , 009 Not to waste time just get the partners back fast OK , I will gather them all Find 007 first , he is in London A telegram from 009 Oh , sorry What did you say ? You mean my meat become less ? I counted , last time it was more You are too picky . It does not matter for a little less It matters a lot It matters nothing ! Boss , your telegram No nonsense . I am very busy now What ? Telegram ? Oh , Sir , I miss 009 at lot ... What are you doing ? Why me less meat ? These are all for you I miss you so much , 009 You are still that young and lovely Long time no see , 006 Really ? It 's air mail for 007 What does it say ? 007 This is the cheapest way to come here . Is my boss clever ? He is still that stingy Good performance , 002 Good noon 007 Smoke alarm What ? Lalala , I am a one food straw man Oh , god ... 007 Big brother No , I don 't want to fight any more But , 003 We are the only ones fighting against dark monsters NO , it 's hard to me to become a ballet dancer I understand , 003 I also like you ballet dancer I will give up Bye , Fransoir She wants to become a ballet dancer I am going Sorry for bothering you How are you I really missed you How are you all ? They have almost all arrived It 's a girl 009 they are too slow I don 't know what they are doing They should have already arrived . You don 't need to worry about Take a romantic round trip under moonshine I can understand why they are late . What ? Hold the girl in the arm Sorry for being late . Because we had an accident on the way Accident ? How is the girl ? Dead ? Nothing happened , 007 She just lost conscious by shaking Oh , realy 003 , long time no see Kiss me for encouraging Get away Oh , sorry Don 't worry She will come back if lied down Thank you for coming here , everyone Dr. Kilm , just start now Okay I am very surprised Well , let me introduce our new transporting tool Wow , it 's really cool This is my design Dolchy Not only in water , below water on land It can move freely even below the earth It 's an almighty research vehicle I even installed anti-ultra-sound cannon on that Anti-ultra-sound cannon ? What 's that ? To fight against monster 's ultra-sound That 's a weapon to beat the enemies Let 's have a try now What 's that ? What 's that ? Don 't be scared That 's an experiment robot What ? A robot ? Strange , oh it 's painful That robot is not something special . Don 't look down at the robot It can send ultra-sound You will see disappeared Idiot , not disappeared , it 's exploded understood ? It 's too great . We will never be beaten by the monsters Listen , everybody We will beat down the devil dark monster 009 , according to 001 next time the monster will appear in the middle of pacific in the near of Brubar island OK , we start up now Speed up , prepare for full speed OK ! OK Why can not pull it down ... it 's painful ! Catch the bait Oh , got hooked What 's this Damned Why not got big fish hooked Got hooked What ? Too big ? Oh ... sorry one , two , three ~ so many potatoes Oh god , potatoes become female monsters Why so ? This is not your place to come But I really want to come Nowadays girls are willful and difficult to handle My parents were killed both by monsters I hate the monsters Please take me , too . I can do everything you want no is no What can girls do at all . They can cry when challenged but become insatiable if praised They are talkative and spend lots of time making up willful and ... then ? She is also a female 009 , until now we can not let her get down the ship If she really wants , then take her with Thank you , 003 Oh ? Light off ! What happens There seems to be something besides the ship finally ... it appears There are a lot good , good , medusa is tasteful Can be fried and eaten with juices Btu they are electric medusa Wrong , that 's Electro-taken special medusa That made the light off We have to get rid of them fast Otherwise all energy of our ship will be taken away Ouch What ? One leg missing ? Here also Hey ! What are you doing ? Get away ! OK , all got rid of Now we have power on ship again 007 , try harder I got too much water , body is heavy I can push any more Wow , that 's too much There is something again What happens , 003 IN water , moving towards us What do you say ? Monster finally arrive They are stingrays They are not normal stingrays I hear machine sound That is missile We spread each other and beat them Good Come on , I have waited you long time Come on , come on You are finished hm , what is this Oh god , damned I will never lose to anyone , neither I am a missile Now you know its power Monsters Bodies , we are aimed at So what , we already know that Electro-taken medusa missile launching stingrays can all make such terrible weapons These are dark monsters ! 0010 sent us the information Traitor cyborgs arrived fast at the planned place Yes , my lovely pet will eat wipe them out What happens , Helen Nothing You seem to be thinking I am watching clouds in sunset My first time to see such a beauty Really beautiful Nature is so beautiful Why is people 's mind so bad Why do you want to be in dangerous place ? For destroy devil monsters Btu you can also be killed Maybe But we have to do so for the happiness of the five billion people living in this world for the happiness of the five billion people So no pity if we die You are great I admire you Let 's get together Have a tasteful dinner Dinner , dinner , hungry , I want dinner Well , enjoy your dinner I am moving It 's too early , eating this way is not polite Come on , Helen Ladies first Go ahead What 's this ? Not fair ! Well , this is enough for kids This is only for kids , do not complaint Stingy , damn you bad guy So much I can not eat Can I have another plate , 009 Can you really not eat so much , Helen ? Damn , pretend to have put on an art 009 , that greedy one took Helen 's dinner See , something is coming towards us What 's the matter , 003 ? Moving closer ... Much likely medusa or similar No , much bigger Then they are stingrays , do not worry No , their size is even bigger Monsters ! Coming Good , they have not noticed us No , their target is something others Too bad , their target is commercial ship in the Pacific Go , get on water surface ok ok , hm Turn on all energies and get ready to fight in the air Turn on all energies , oh how busy we are Move forward in maximum speed Prepare missile launching Make it angry for sending ultra-sound Get down in emergency Launch We hit him with missile it seems not hurt at all Well , another one again How terrible Get the anti-ultra-sound-cannon ready No problem The anti-ultra-sound-cannon breaks down What do you say ? Damn it Oh no , jump into the sea They are catching up They are moving closer and closer The ship breaks down No , we can not run away It 's too late OH my god Oh no , everybody gets ready to run No panic , 009 I will handle this I will get the ship somewhere else What happens It seems I were dreaming 001 uses mental power Mental power ? What 's that ? 001 can move things around with his super power of mind This is called mental power With super power of mind ... OH god , 001 falls asleep Mental power costs lots of energy 001 may sleep for a whole week OK , this time we catch it up We found it , it dives to the sea bottom Ok , keep distance and follow it Do not lose it . This is the only way to find the monsters ' base Reaction from radar disappeared There must be something there , go on It is a hole Monsters are inside it You would not mean we should have a look inside , right OK , have a look inside WE finally have to be in Soon there will be no water Good They must hide somewhere 0010 sent informs us cyborgs are in the hole They really come , good Damned cyborg , wait and see Something must be wrong We seem to have a wrong way I have a bad feeling Now we can not get back 20km in the north there is another hole That 's it , the right way Ok , let 's go Wait , where is Helen Oh ? Yes ! Where is she ? Well , I will find her Helen , Helen Helen , where are you Who is that Wait Who are you Cyborg No. 11 , 0011 I am the positive one I am the negative one Your lives We have taken over Is that an order of dark monsters ? You are right You poor ones , wake up Bastard Even 7000 degree fire can not work I am so angry with that . How about this one Ok , I will choke them to death do not waste your time For beating them down Our bodies have been transformed much stronger than all of yours Oh , my god ! Bad feeling to the worst ! Too early , that was the beginning only If we really send out Electro-current That one would be killed right away Electro-current ? One is positive , one is negative 005 was just hit by the Electro-current I know that Ok , I will be your opponent Ok , then you start fighting Hi , negative one , fight against him together Good ! Danger We won Strong positive meets strong negative will become short and damage the body 0011 is made with thunder theory 005 is ok Is ok , no worry about it Really ... I am still worried It call itself 0011 This means there is a 0010 cyborg 0010 ? Another one ? He must be a hard one Of course its body must be huge ... It 's Helen 's sound This direction , 150 meters 0010 appears Let 's get back to the ship I will find Helen Helen , where are you Help Help me 009 , are you ok , come up Don 't worry , Helen , I am a cyborg This does not matter at all Terrible , I thought you an die Helen Why did you get away on your own ? Sorry We all are worried about you I know I was wrong I have to apologize Do not go , Helen It seems not necessary Helen , I know Who is dark monsters ' spy cyborg 0010 That man hit my car on purpose Closer to us Lied to us : Her parents were killed by monsters to get into us inform the dark monsters about our movement Therefore medusa stingray monster They can know our right position and attack us When we met monsters and fought against them it damaged our anti-ultra-sound-cannon That was the one who even sneak attacked me When failed and find 0011 here Is that correct , Helen That one ... 0010 ... It 's you ! Almost done Finally come when it should be I really do not want to fight against you Yes , I was sent by dark monsters to beat you cyborg 0010 Actually I wanted to avoid fighting against you But we are enemies at the end This is fatal Fatal ? Correct , I am your enemy friend of your terrible enemy who wants to kill you Why don 't you start Then I have not choice I will start Helen , sto Stop , this will break the earth You want to cause earth quake , stop . Helen , nothing Why don 't you kill me ? If yes , I did that before Girls must be like girls , right I lost Helen I lost , I lost , I lost If going straightly we 'll be to another road . Damn , really her trick ! She even lied . She went too far . If it were not her , we would have beaten the monster . Yes , we were cheated by her lovely face . Yes , all women alike Even more lovely or beautiful when anything happens who knows what she can do Women are terrible , we have to believe that Of course there are exceptions Many , right Yes ... I do not think that woman is bad . Her eyes are so bright 006 then you are too naive How do you judge people through eyes ? That is also right She is a bad spy ... But her eyes are really very bright I can not imagine Helen is an enemy of peace A member of dark monsters No , no , Joe If possible I want to joint you , too But I can not do anything about it Besides this I have not choice Forgive me Forgive me , Joe Terrible . I did not know there is still sea below earth Look at that , there is a monster palace Greek God Palace Paldenoon Yes , and there should be ... No , it must be Secret base of dark monsters Finally we arrive at the enemy 's base Do not be casual , everybody Be careful If monsters appear now we can not beat them Terrible feeling Nobody knows when they appear This unpredictable terror feeling is her master piece They really appear Oh no , run away everybody They catching up , how terrible They are coming Yes , get into its body , They we will not affected by the ultra sound Well , let 's bet on this It is really a robot Okay We made it 009 What 's this How is it , cyborg Sounding you are six million Ampere super high pressure current Once touched even cyborg will be dead Damn Dangerous Your life will end here 009 was killed by the explosion before Joe , you know , it 's me can not understand I really can not understand myself at the end I even gave you a hand and saved you But , I will not regret Really ? This is ... ? I am ... ? Bye , Joe We may have no chance to see again Have you caught those traitor cyborgs Sure , you can count on me From 001 to 008 all caught Where is 009 ? He was fighting with dinosaurs robots and exploded together Really , then is difficult to make sure whether he is alive But , okay , before that we have to punish another one 0010 You forgot that I and you are connected with electrical wave I can decide through electrical wave you alive or dead 0010 , you not only do not obey the order but also save the traitor 009 Helen , you are beautiful indeed but dark monsters can not allow any traitor Chef , what do you do Are you crazy You are the ones who are crazy Joe It is really as I predicted Welcome , 009 , good to see you again That means you already ... You killed your own people , joys of blood and tears as long as humans still desire beasts I will appear any time 009 , you may think you succeed to get in unfortunately you will be buried here what I will show you an interesting stuff 009009 The traitors execution will start Come out , Archiles Archeles get rid of those little mice Do whatever you can Let 's have a visit here casually The heel , hit his heel , Joe You help him again , 0010 Helen Oh , god I beg you Let me hold on until ... Pull down next switch You damned bastard I will let you get away this time Thank goodness Ouch it stinks terribly ... Oh , what do you want This bastard Let me add one Very good , in this way all their machines will be destroyed Helen , Helen , go on Helen Helen Wonderful , I finally have joint you fighting for peace ... Come on , Helen For the happiness of the five billion people living on this earth ... I am dying ... Helen YOU may think you won But it 's nor that easy Our earth quake device will start soon After the volcano below the earth explodes You will be dissolved in lava And I , will be alive one day again Because there are so many ministers and generals who need me ... The earth is shaking , I can not stand well Are we going to die here ? Damn No problem , Joe there are rocket on the other side of corridor You can escape with the rocket Hurry up , otherwise it 's too late But Helen See you , Joe Helen ... What ? What ? This is really lava There is rocket on the other side of the corridor , run We get it , it is rocket Damn , we are finished We can not catch it after removing the stones and cover it will be too late It was not easy for us to make it here No problem 001 wakes up Where is here Inside the rocket This must be launch button It 's getting hotter and hotter Damn , can the rocket fly even faster ? Will be caught up We are saved Helen dies for saving our lives Helen , sorry , I should not have said bad things about you She is really a good person with very bright eyes Helen taught us he real face of dark monsters To beat it down not with weapons and power but with love and the heart for peace For not letting dark monsters come back again We must destroy bad heart and wishes on earth End
