 Your Excellency , an emissary of the United States government , Mr. James West . An honor . Mr. Minister , my deepest respects to you and your government . To what do I owe the pleasure of meeting the redoubtable James West ? We share a problem of great importance and some delicacy . Follow me , please , Mr. West . Have a seat , Mr. West . No , thank you . Now , then , you mentioned a problem . Concerning the international jewel exhibition next week . A unique event and a diplomatic triumph for your young country to lure the official treasures of so many nations . We understand that you 're going to exhibit the Kara Diamond . A most unusual gem , Mr. West - a full 200 carats , flawless . I know , and my government would like to take certain measures to safeguard it . I 'm convinced my own safety measures are adequate . We mean no reflection on your judgment , but there have been several daring and mysterious diamond thefts in recent weeks , as you no doubt know - in Amsterdam , the diamond-cutting house , in London , the museum , in New York , a famous jeweler and here in San Francisco ... What is it you wish to do ? The United States would like to take the diamond into protective custody . Mr. West , you must be joking . Did you have an easy time getting into this room ? I was challenged by armed guards at the front gate , at the entrance to the embassy and at the corridor of your private chambers . Three times my credentials were checked and I was searched twice , discreetly , of course . And right now , I am being observed through a peephole , disguised by the portrait of your esteemed ruler . You merit your reputation , Mr. West . If at any moment there had been the slightest doubt of your identity or intentions , you could have been cut down instantly . That is why this room is a perfectly safe place for the Kara Diamond . This room ? Only for the most privileged guests , a private showing . Two of those would make quite a pair of cuff links . Huh ? Oh , a joke . You Americans do like your little jokes , don 't you ? We also like 200-carat diamonds . It 's a beautiful stone . One of the world 's finest . That is why I do not wish it to leave the perfect protection we have provided for it . Every place that 's been robbed lately has been perfectly protected , or so the people think . Relax , Mr. West . Nothing can happen to the Kara here . There 's only one door to the room , the hall outside is patrolled 24 hours a day , and we Serbians are jealous of our national treasures . As for the windows , well , let me show you . There , you see . The fence is high and the guards are ever vigilant with orders to shoot if necessary . This room is as safe ... The Kara - it 's gone . This glass exploded with tremendous force . All right ... all right , you have made your point , Mr. West . It was made for me . Even before I arrived in this country , I heard strange accounts of your talents , but I was uninformed that you are a magician . Magician ? I suggest that your trick was most effective , although perhaps not in the best of taste . Mr. Minister , this event was as mysterious to me as it is to you , sir . A perfect performance carried to logical conclusion . Now , tell me at once what you have done with our diamond . I was , if you remember , standing over there at the window with you . But that is the essence of magical performances - to make it appear impossible for the conjurer ... I 'm a government agent . My job was to warn you that your jewel could be stolen . That 's all . You will return the diamond at once . Within this consulate you are on Serbian soil , Mr. West . Oh , I warn you , unless we recover our diamond , you will not be allowed to leave here alive . All right . Look under the statue of your esteemed ruler . Guards ! Easy now , Clive . Be careful . All right . Have a nice trip , old girl . Whoa , whoa . Giddyap . Oh , good afternoon . Is the , uh , lady of the house in ? The lady of the house . Uh ... Ich moechte die Dame des Hauses sprechen , ja ? Je veux voir la dame de la maison , s 'il vous plaît - ta maîtresse , oui ? Boy , I really picked a winner . Um , Lady Margaret Midas . Midas . Artemus Gordon , huh ? She 's expecting me . Oh , thank you very much , miss . I was having a little trouble with your manservant . I guess I don 't speak his dialect . Very few people do . Oh , no . You 're much too pretty to be Lady Margaret . Lady Margaret has recently departed . Oh . Well , it 's , uh , very important that I see her . When do you expect her back ? I think not for some time . Well , have you any idea where I can contact her ? That would be very difficult . I can 't understand that . She was expecting me . She didn 't mention it . She asked for federal protection for the Queen Anne Triplet - the diamonds she plans to exhibit at the international jewel show . I 'm here to provide that protection . She said nothing of this . I don 't mean to seem impertinent , miss , but , uh , just who are you ? Well ... I must drop around again sometime and have another cozy little chat . First of all , let 's just look at the facts . The diamonds disappear in broad daylight , yet nobody has ever seen a thief . Second , nothing 's ever missing except diamonds . Other valuable gems , even in the same case , are left untouched . The third , there 's always an indication of some tremendous force being present , like , uh , the shattered glass . Interesting , but not very illuminating . Well , one thing at a time . Now , here 's my thought . Maybe those diamonds aren 't being stolen at all . Maybe through the application of that tremendous force , they are being made - now , will you believe this - to explode from within . Artie , do you believe it ? No , you think I 'm some kind of a nut ? Yes , sir . I want to see James West . West ... West ... West . That name seems awfully familiar . Uh ... I 'm Thaddeus Baines , special envoy from Washington . Oh , yes , sir . Do come in . Thank you . West and Gordon - the unconquerable duo . I wish I could say I was pleased , but I 'm not . I 've just come from the Serbian consulate . That must have been jolly . I know you only by reputation , West . Perhaps I shouldn 't be surprised by what you 've done . And what have I done ? You have created a major international incident . The Serbian minister has registered an official complaint with our state department . Well , I always try to please . Because of you , our government is in a very embarrassing position . To say that you have failed in your mission would be an outrageous understatement . Where do you fit in , Mr. Baines ? I 'm the president 's special envoy charged with seeing that this international jewel exhibit reflects credit on our government . Very nice . Too bad you don 't demonstrate such efficiency in your work . What happened today at the consulate follows the pattern of thefts of all the diamonds . There was nothing I could have done to have prevented it . Do you realize the diplomatic effort that went into this project and what it could mean to us ? It could prove we 've come of age as a country , or it could be the most costly fiasco in our diplomatic history . Right . So do you have any clues so far , any theories ? Well , I thought , uh , just possibly the diamonds might have been in some way , uh , exploded . Exploding diamonds ? ! Nonsense . An inert object does not explode , and a diamond would no more explode than ... than this would . Don 't shake that ! You just never know about inert objects . Thanks . Lady Margaret , please . James West calling . I shall announce your presence . Hello , Sultan . You 're looking fat these days . Good afternoon , Mr. West . Good afternoon . Is Lady Margaret at home ? Unfortunately my aunt has recently departed on a long voyage . I 'm Morgan Midas . This is my fiancée , Lucretia Ivronin . How do you do ? You 're a very lucky man . Your aunt must have altered her plans rather suddenly . Yes . Well , it was a reoccurrence of her old ailment , the gout . The only remedy is the mineral waters of Germany . She asked us to care for her house until she returns . I see . Well , she must have informed you of her promise to show the diamonds at the international exhibit next week . No , she never mentioned it . Well , my partner , Mr. Gordon , was here today to discuss the matter . He received a very cold reception . Oh ... Oh , that must have been the gentleman my fiancée spoke about . Well , you see , uh , I was out at the time , and my fiancée hasn 't been in this country very long , and ... Well , in her country , the custom is to be wary of strangers . I 'm sorry I didn 't understand . I apologize . Well , that 's perfectly all right . But that still leaves the problem of the three large diamonds she was going to show , the Queen Anne Triplet . Oh , well , Mr. West , I think you understand that I couldn 't possibly let the diamonds leave this house without the specific consent of my aunt . And under the circumstances , it would be difficult to reach her . But we already have it , in writing . I 'm sure you 'll recognize your aunt 's handwriting . This is a letter that she sent to our envoy in Washington , Thaddeus Baines . Yes , well , I know Mr. Baines slightly through my aunt . I can 't imagine why she didn 't tell me about this . Must have been her illness . But her entire collection is in the safe , is it not ? Yes , and I don 't even know the combination . I 'll open it for you . Uh ... Mr. West , I could hardly , uh ... It 's my job to protect and secure the diamonds until the showing , and I intend to do my job . Very well , but I must warn you , it 's a very good safe . I 'm a very good safecracker . Fancy . Show him the safe , Lucretia . I 'll be back in a moment . Please , Mr. West . Imagine that . It 's empty . I don 't understand . I don 't either , and I 'd like to . I 'm afraid your fiancé and you will have to come with me . Well , surely that 's not necessary . Can 't we discuss it ? That 's a start . I 'll bet you 've never been kissed like that before . Has he , Midas ? Mr. Gordon ... I 've heard so much about your ingenious devices , I hope you 've contrived some effective burglar alarms here . Touch the display case . Go ahead , just touch the outside of it . Well , what was that ? You 've just had your picture taken . Would you like me to send you a copy ? No , thanks . I 'm afraid my expression wouldn 't be , uh , typical of me . Satisfied , sir ? Uh , not exactly . Alarms are all very well and good , but we need some more positive kind of protection . The entire place is going to be surrounded by soldiers ... Oh , yes , yes , of course , but , uh , humans are all too fallible . Mr. Baines , this display case is going to house the most expensive of all the jewels in the exhibit . Believe me , sir , it is well protected . Oh ... really ? Don 't ! I see what you mean . I 'm so glad . Now , if you 'll just let me get to work , Mr. Baines . I 'll try to have this ready for the arrival of the jewels tomorrow . Yes , well ... thank you . This is fine , but , uh , what are you doing about the entrance to this room ? Pressure plates , Mr. Baines . Once any of these display cases have been disturbed in any way , the slightest pressure on the floor at the entrance will cause two barred gratings to close , and , presto , you 'll have your thieves . Well , all right , but I want to impress on you that , uh , our government is assuming full responsibility for the safety of this exhibition , and , uh , if there are any thefts made , heads will roll - yours . I 'll , uh ... try to remember that , Mr. Baines . Excuse me , please . Oh , by the way , where 's West today ? I was told that you two always work together . Well , we always do work together - separately . Yes ... Well , considering the importance of this job , I 'd like to be able to get in touch with either of you at all times . Where is West ? I can 't say for certain , Mr. Baines , but wherever he is , I assure you , he is perfectly all right . I 'm sorry to place you in such an uncomfortable position , Mr. West , but it 's quite essential that I insulate you from surrounding objects . It 's quite a setup . Yes , isn 't it ? You see , I 'm somewhat of a scientist . I have a small experiment in progress . But I 'm sure you know something about that . Why should I ? I thought that was the reason ... you were so insistent upon seeing my aunt 's diamonds . I told you , my job was to protect the diamonds at the exhibition . Apparently I 'm too late . Time , sir , is relative . But you 're right , you are too late . Bright , isn 't it ? Burning at 4,000 degrees . You see , my little project requires a great direct heat . 4,000 degrees ? Why , with that kind of heat , you could burn a ... Quite correct , sir , I could burn a diamond . How much do you know about my work ? Not a thing . It was a shot in the dark . How much do you know about the burning diamond ? Nothing . That was a gentle example , Mr. West . I want to know the truth . I told you the truth . By now you have assumed that I 'm responsible for misappropriating the diamonds or you wouldn 't be here . But why ? Nothing - I told you . Is that what you did to your aunt , electrocute her ? I told you , my aunt was traveling in Europe for her health . Everyone knows your aunt doesn 't go anywhere without her cat . My work - I want to know what you know about my work . I told you , nothing . I can give you more . You burn diamonds , that 's obvious . But why ? Why ? Tell me ! I don 't remember . Ah , yes , perhaps I gave you too much . The current sometimes has the effect of interfering with the memory . But then , maybe if I gave you more , you 'd forget all about my little experiment . You 'd forget everything . You 're not going to kill him . You 're too soft-hearted , Lucretia . It was your idea to spare the cat . That was a mistake . But I may not have to kill him . I might destroy his memory . It 's a hard thing to do , but then this is a game for high stakes . You watch him - I 'll be right back . I just saved your life , Mr. West . Thanks . I 'll never forget you . Oh , yes , you will , very soon . Yes , sir ? Count Felix von Schleswig und Holzbergen to see Lady Margaret , please . Count Felix von Schleswig to see Lady Margaret , sir . I 'm terribly sorry , but she 's not home . Well , of course she is . I told her I was coming . I told you , she isn 't here . Well , she will be . I will wait . We are the oldest of friends . Have you seen my aunt recently ? Oh , no , no , no , no , no . We have the correspondence , you see . No , I met her originally , it was in Heidelberg . I wasn 't aware that my aunt was ever in Heidelberg . I was not aware your aunt had a nephew . She 's a great one for secrets , no , eh ? I will wait . You go on about your business , young man . I will be perfectly comfortable here . Well , if you 'll excuse me , I 'll have my fiancée come down and entertain you . Thank you very much . Go on about your work . I will wait here . Clive , get the count some brandy . There 's some old fool downstairs who insists he 's a friend of my aunt 's . He wants to wait for her . That may take a while . Go down , butter him up and get rid of him . I 've got to take care of the process . It 's almost to the critical point . There 's another drop forming . West was conscious but only for a moment . I 'll take care of him later . I have the strangest feeling that you somehow look familiar . How charming , my dear . I only wish I could say the same of you . I 'm afraid Lady Margaret may be very late in returning today . Ach , I don 't mind . I wait . I have to talk with her something very important about a friend of ours . I 'm afraid he may be in some , uh , slight difficulty . What was that ? Oh , the servants are moving some furniture . They 're so clumsy . More brandy ? No , thank you . I 'd better go help your movers . Clive ! Rudd ! Have a nice trip ? Hey ! Now , that 's no way to treat an old man ! Oh ! Clive , Clive ! Let 's go . Thanks . Feeling better ? Thank you . Oh , would you mind , please , the , uh ... the mutton chops ? Oh . Ooh . Thank you ... Uh , the nose , too . The nose ? It comes off . Oh . Oh , thank you . Now , would you mind telling me , please , what hit me ? You wouldn 't believe me if I told you . Try me . All right . It was Midas . That 's impossible . I would have seen him . No one could have seen him . He was moving too fast to be seen . I told you you wouldn 't believe me . Oh , of course . He was moving too fast to be seen . He distills the fluid using the burning diamonds . It speeds up the metabolism thousands of times . He moves so fast , he 's invisible . Why , the time it takes you to scratch your ear , he could have taken a leisurely walk out of town . Ridiculous . In the time it took you to say that he could have taken a nap . Moving too fast to be seen . That 's pretty farfetched . Who do you think hit both of you ? That 's a good question , Jim . All right . I don 't have any other explanation . But how about you ? How do you fit in ? I 'm a very practical girl . I want a lot of things , and Midas is invulnerable after he 's taken the fluid . He can do anything . Which makes him a good provider , of course . Can you imagine a better one ? The whole world is spread out for his taking . Money , power - anything . You might as well stop fighting him , Mr. West . You can 't win . Besides ... Besides ? I rather like you . You 're very attractive . But not as attractive as Midas . I told you I was very practical . You could help us . Midas wouldn 't like that . No , thank you . I 'd rather live and enjoy the finer things in life . Good-bye . I do wish you were going to live a little longer . You know , I wish the same thing , too . Most interesting . Will it be enough ? More than enough . Over a thousand carats in all , I imagine . And at a hundred carats a drop ... Enough to distill ten drops . Enough to give me the power to do whatever I please . To remove whomever I please . Enough to set up an organization which will make me totally invincible . But this place , all these people . If something goes wrong ... Nothing will go wrong . I have enough fluid left to do more than needs be done . Well , gentlemen . Comfy ? Just fine . I always sleep like this . I admire a man who keeps his sense of humor even under such serious circumstances . I 've a little proposition for you . I accept . You may . You would be wise to . I 'm an ambitious man , gentlemen , but not a greedy one . Nor am I particularly selfish . What would you say if I offered you total , unlimited power and all that goes with it ? Wealth , luxury , influence . And a great big catch . A small catch , Mr. West . You see , you gentlemen are resourceful and formidable . To an ordinary man , your opposition would probably be too much to overcome . But you 're not an ordinary man . You 've noticed . How nice . No , sir , I 'm not . I 'm most extraordinary . Well , at least you have extraordinary reflexes . Uh , you said something about a proposition ? Come work for me . With me . I assure you , the pay will be much better . I don 't know . We work for an old , established company . With marvelous retirement benefits . My company is young , with a great growth potential . It 's growing , and if you 're smart , gentlemen , you can grow with it . Why do you need us ? Well , I don 't actually need you , but you 've shown considerable skill and daring . Such men are valuable . Think carefully . I 'm offering you a chance to become my partner . I think you have some idea of ... of what that could mean . Be more specific . What do you want us to do ? You could help me . I 've made a few discreet inquiries , and I found out you , Mr. Gordon , have set up a number of traps at the jewelry exhibition . I assure you they would give me no trouble . But I like to do things the easy way . You could simplify matters by helping me to avoid them . Just for the record , what if we refuse ? I 'll probably kill you . Or , as a favor to Lucretia , I might just destroy your minds and turn you loose . You 're all heart . I think we 'll accept your offer . Good . I know what you 're thinking . You 'll go along with me only until you see a chance to trip me up . He reads minds , too . But I have a way to ensure your future loyalty . I 'm going to give a taste of the diamond elixir ... and you can see for yourselves the power it confers . We 're almost there . Let 's check those restraints . Ah , we 've arrived . I needn 't warn you gentlemen not to run away . I never was much good at the three-legged race . It takes a few seconds for it to take effect . There 'll be a small sip for each of you . Twice as much for me . You 'll feel a burning , a dizziness . It 's perfectly normal ; it 'll pass quickly . Feeling better ? Yes . But nothing has changed . Oh , but you 're wrong . There 's a very great change . Shall we go , gentlemen ? You mean you 've decided to trust us ? Not in the slightest . The gun just happens to be totally useless now . Look around , gentlemen . Find it interesting ? It must be falling . It is - at 32 feet per second . And in the quarter of a second it takes to reach the ground , we 'll be halfway through our job . Coming , gentlemen ? Incredible . Yes , isn 't it ? There 's only one warning . Don 't stand in one spot too long ... or they may get a glimpse of you . But for that to happen , you 'd have to remain motionless so long that you 'd probably get bored . What 's that odd sound , almost like clicking ? Well , these people you see with their mouths so comically open are speaking . What you 're actually hearing are the separate vibrations of the sound wave . And they can 't hear us . That 's right , because you see , our longest sentence is far briefer than , say , uh ... oh , a tick of the watch . How can our bodies stand this ? Simply because our reflexes are so incredibly fast . We react before we allow our momentum to injure us . Then we 're invulnerable . There 's no danger to us ? There is one danger - air friction . During my first experiment , I got rather carried away and was badly scorched . One mustn 't move too quickly . Hey , what 's that for ? Oh , I 'm sorry to be so primitive , but you see , I must ensure your cooperation , and bullets are far too slow for us . Now , Mr. Gordon , tell me of any devices protecting this case or your friend dies . And I assure you , he would be quite a burden to you . Put that away , I 'll cooperate . There 's a flash camera and an alarm triggered to go off if a case is touched . By that time , we 'll be long gone . You know , I used to just break these with a flick of a finger . But it 's such a bore separating the diamonds from the glass . Now , gentlemen , shall we get the really big ones ? Well , Mr. Baines , our noted envoy from Washington . It might be fun to ... No , there 's not enough time . Well , Mr. Gordon , what did you devise for this display ? Well , I 've hidden some guillotine blades in the frame up here . They come down if the case is disturbed in any way . Oh , but much too slowly . I used the most powerful springs I could possibly find . We 've got to stop this . Well , I 'll step on the pressure plate . When he gets to the door , the bars come down . But he 's moving so quickly . I don 't think we should bother with the rest of the display . If you will , gentlemen . Pain in my chest . Me , too , just now . That means the drug is wearing off - for you . I took more . You 'd better hurry along . The effect wears off quite rapidly . Try to explain that . Ta-ta , gentlemen . The thieves . Oh , you 'll pay for this ! Oh , how you 'll pay for this ! Caught with the goods , red-handed ! Sorry about that , Baines . It 's not bad enough that Baines thinks we 're guilty , but that can wait . The question is : How do we stop Midas now that he 's got the diamond ? Listen , if he brews up enough of that juice , there 'll be no stopping him . Mmm . Artie , do you have a cigar ? It just so happens I do . Guard ! Do you have a light ? Now , go tell Baines we 're ready to talk . He 's going to be very unhappy when he finds out we wanted to talk and you wouldn 't let us . See if there 's an open window . I 'll meet you around back . Nope , all the doors and windows are locked , bolted from the inside . That one 's open a crack . Well , go ahead , sprout wings . Why not ? Oh ... don 't tell me . Which end do you prefer ? The end that stays down - my feathers haven 't come in yet . All right , then up the fence . Anytime you 're ready . I 'll open the back door . Beef Stroganoff ! Mmm ! Oh , boy , that young fellow really knows how to live . I don 't hear anyone . Good , we can have it all ourselves . Later , Artie . Give me a few seconds and then make as much racket as you can down here . Won 't that create a bad impression on the servants ? Right . You keep them busy while I jump Midas . Hit him one for me . Come into the library , I 'll show you what to do . Mmm ... Mmm . One precious drop . Now to mix it with distilled water . Why do you do that ? Well , the fluid is very volatile . It evaporates rapidly unless it 's diluted . Quick , the kitchen . Oh , boy , from here on it 's all uphill . What on earth is the cook doing ? I 'll go see . Get the gun , quick ! Shoot ! Shoot ! I took much more than you did , West , you haven 't got a chance . As for you , Lucretia , I won 't forget how you failed me - I 'll finish you later . Lucretia , throw me the gun . We 're moving too fast . We 'll burn up from air friction . Feel the pain ? It 's already wearing off . Alcohol ! What was it ? That was your friend . He spilled alcohol on himself . His air friction set it off . How horrible . How did you do it ? Oh , I cheated , I ... I used force .
