 HOMUNCULUS from Robert Reinert 's dramatic poem PROLOGUE Artistic direction : Otto Rippert Photography : Carl Hoffmann ... and so , my illustrious colleagues , all my research and that of my friend Hansen to chemically create this artificial human being has failed miserably . Nature has its intangible limits . Life and Death are its inviolable secrets . No , professor - cries Hansen - still I am fired by this faith , and I will never , I repeat , never give in ! The science laboratory for Hansen 's research . Rodin is his trusted aide . A blessed event at Ortmann 's house . Not of science , but of love : the smile of a baby in the cradle . The tenacity of Hansen has born fruit . A heartbeat , a cry : A Homunculus is born ! The announcement for Ortmann . And his baby , that day , was suddenly taken sick . Hansen , who is invited to London for a conference on that great discovery that has so excited the world , entrusts the new born to the wise care of Professor Ortmann . Fate ! The child of love , dies , whilst that of science lives ! A criminal thought . At night , like a thief ... Ah , disaster , disaster ! The little one is dead . Ortmann confides his secret to his friend Steffens . Ah , how fleeting is my triumph ! My dreams have crumbled ... with the rapid decay of this little form which clings to life no more . Twenty-five years later . To all , Homunculus is the son of the late Professor Ortmann . And in school , Homunculus , without faith follows the lessons of Professor Hansen . In life ... Men talk of love , But what is love ? Twenty five years ago , on this very spot , I created a Homunculus . But the little one died almost immediately . His death was perhaps a blessing . Homunculus , outwardly perfect , but without love , deprived of all human feeling , would have gone through life as a terrible scourge of hate and destruction ! Me too , I am also like Homunculus , without love , to hate , to destroy ! Why am I so ? In the tempest of his anguished doubt ... I have treated and regarded you as my son , but you are not . The secret of your birth , exactly described , lies in a box I have consigned to my good friend Steffens . He will remove the seal to the document 25 years after my death and not before . Ortmann . I want to know it all ! All ! All ! The horror ! ... Homunculus ... This living monster , it is I ! How I hate that man who gave me birth , from his mixtures and stills ! From Hansen . The revealing document ... You , you , Homunculus ? You , son of my brain ? You 're alive ... Alive ! Let me touch you , you are my work ! I hate you . Stand aside ! Could you give me a soul ? Could you give me tears ? Could you give me a cry , so that I could cry " Mamma , Mamma " ? HOMUNCULUS Part One A stray dog . Even you poor dog , wandering alone ? But you fear me not . Breathe your warm breath on my hand . Will you be my companion and friend ? Illiana , the daughter of Prince Desagra . What 's wrong pilgrim ? Why so sad ? How can I help you ? Not for me , but for my poor dog . If you stroke him , I will be grateful . Prince Desagra , paralyzed for many years . They have told me of a strange figure that roams outside the gates of the sacred city . If it is the Homunculus , of whom all the world talks with horror , crush him without mercy . Crossing valleys and mountains , Rodin follows the footsteps of Homunculus , but never finds him . Disconsolate , the doctors can do nothing to save their Prince . My father is dying . One day , you gave me a kind word . I will heal him , lead me to him . Arise ! I command you ! His willpower , created by science , has been able to perform this miracle . You have saved my life . Ask of me what you will . I can make you rich and happy . I ask for nothing . It is enough that one day you will not turn against me ... Farewell ... End of Part One HOMUNCULUS Part Two He possesses the infernal book . From these old pages he derives his superhuman power . Love sings in vain in the heart of Illiana . The Prince has sent me . He wants to talk to you . The people accuse you of witchcraft . They want to know who you are . Explain ! What do you care who I am ? Here I do good things . What more do you want ? It 's the Homunculus ! It 's the Homunculus ! Read ! Read ! Search again , search ... Thieves ! ... My book ! ... Return to me my book ! ... Death to the Homunculus ! ... Death ! One more step and I 'll throw this book down . Rodin . Kill Homunculus ! Kill the man who spreads terror throughout the world ! Illiana 's heart . Come ... I will save you ! Among the ruins of the old Moorish castle . Are you here Rodin ? What do you want ? Why do you seek me ? Are you too with my enemies ? I seek you because I love you , because in part , you are my work and I admire you . We are discovered ! Flee ! Kill him ! Kill him ! What do you want , murderers ? Poor beast , you have paid for your devotion , with your life . You will remain forever in my memory . And Rodin still by his side , tragic shadow of a gloomy fate . Just one drop of this liquid could destroy a thousand lives at once . Awful flame , you are mine ! You will obey me ! That day ... The look of this man is fixed in my soul like the cold blade of a knife . They talk of love ... Ah , I would give all , all , including my revenge , for a single word that would let me feel love . I ask for the grace and compassion , for the alms of that word I know not . Flee from me , but you are still mine ! I have decided , come ! My gaze seeks you , come ! ... Your love will be for me a supreme attempt at renewal ! His mouth as cold as death knows not how to kiss . Many days later . You have abandoned your home and your Enrico has killed himself ! Leave this fatal man and return to us . We are old and infirm . Autumn leaves are falling , hearts too . Your mother has died of a broken heart . I am left alone in the old house . I am cursed ! Cursed ! Weeping ! Is this the sorrow that brings tears ? She loves me because she knows not who I am . But I want more . I want to be loved for who I am ! The time has come to know the truth . The cot where I was born was a chemical laboratory . I owe my life to the whims of a scientist . I was the terrible product of mixtures and stills . I Homunculus ! The spell is broken . Leave me . You revolt me . My hatred , indestructible , eternal ! Only you are mine ! Ah , my father , I am your daughter , look at me ! I have returned to weep with you , to ask your forgiveness ! Flower ! Neither you nor I were born of man . Who would dare to curse you for it ? You have extinguished in me the last flicker of hope ! And I for you have lost all ! Again the darkness . End of Episode One Second Episode AGAINST THE WORLD For his exceptional leadership qualities , Homunculus has become the head of the corporation which represents the strength of the country . Fredland , friend of the people . Poor harvests and the arrogance of the ruling classes has caused widespread discontent . The people 's delegates come to seek justice . Our path is marked by an indisputable right . Any violence on your part will be met by our violence . Go ! The double game of Homunculus . For his own diabolical ends Homunculus sows the most evil confusion amongst men . Don 't let yourselves be fooled . The corporation and its heads are your worst enemies . With both gesture and word Homunculus rouses the masses , who don 't recognize him in his disguise . The other face of Homunculus . Great is the alarm in the assembly . His inflexible will asserts itself . Awful flames , you are my work . Destroy ! In the pages of the old book , he can write his words of triumph .. Since that night , Xenia , fascinated , follows him like a dog . Leaden is the sky . What do you want , woman ? Why do you follow me ? I am your shadow because I love you . I adore you for your strength . I know who you are ... You are Homunculus ! You have violated my secret and you must die ! For you I would die happy ! The crowd is in a delirium of terrible passion . Death to the traitors ! ... Death ! ... Save yourself ! ... Flee ! ... They are searching for you ! ... Is it me you seek , madmen ? Take me you fools , I am yours ! Saved ! Only you , hated creature , were devoted to me because I was Homunculus . Come ... Amidst the collapsing ruins of the old world you will arise and you will be my Queen ! End of Act One HOMUNCULUS Epilogue How many years have passed ! ... Book ! Book ! Even your pages have grown silent ! Memories arise amidst the flames . All of the past in a handful of ashes ! Where will he go ? ... What will he do ? Why do I shake so ? It is you that I fear ! I am afraid ! A final gesture , one last cry , and the man without love , created by a machine , plunges back into his nothingness . Behind these ruins , emerges the dawn of a new life . Subtitles : Corvusalbus
